<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000893220-01-500767.txt : 20011019
<SEC-HEADER>0000893220-01-500767.hdr.sgml : 20011019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000893220-01-500767
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20011016
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial statements and exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20011017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			K TRON INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000000020
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		IRS NUMBER:				221759452
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0102

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09576
		FILM NUMBER:		1760469

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROUTE 55 & 553
		STREET 2:		BOX 888
		CITY:			PITMAN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08071-0888
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8562563318

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROUTE 55 & 553
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 888
		CITY:			PITMAN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08071-0888
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>w53970e8-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC. FORM 8-K DATED 10/16/01
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 8-K

                                 CURRENT REPORT

                     PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

       Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): October 16, 2001
                                                         ----------------


                           K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                           --------------------------
                 (Exact Name of Registrant Specified in Charter)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                               <C>                       <C>
        New Jersey                     0-9576                   22-1759452
        -----------                    -------                  ----------
      (State or Other             (Commission File           (I.R.S. Employer
      Jurisdiction of                  Number)              Identification No.)
      Incorporation)
</TABLE>



         Routes 55 and 553
         Pitman, New Jersey                               08071-0888
----------------------------------------                  ----------
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                  (Zip Code)



       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (856) 589-0500
                                                           ---------------


                                 Not Applicable
          -------------------------------------------------------------
          (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)
<PAGE>
ITEM 5.           OTHER EVENTS.

         On October 16, 2001, the Board of Directors of K-Tron International,
Inc. (the "Company") declared a dividend distribution of one Right for each
outstanding share of Common Stock, $.01 par value (each, a "Common Share"), of
the Company to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 29,
2001. Each Right entitles the registered holder, upon the occurrence of certain
events, to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one one-hundredth of a
share (a "Unit") of the Series B Junior Participating Preferred Shares, par
value $.01 per share, of the Company (the "Preferred Shares"), or a combination
of securities and assets of equivalent value, at a purchase price pursuant to
the exercise of a Right of $55.00 per Unit, subject to adjustment (the "Purchase
Price"). The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights
Agreement dated as of October 16, 2001 (the "Rights Agreement") between the
Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent. This
Rights Agreement replaces a similar rights agreement that expired on October 14,
2001.

         Initially, ownership of the Rights will be evidenced by the Common
Share certificates representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Rights
Certificates will be distributed. In certain circumstances, the Rights will
separate from the Common Shares on a Distribution Date which will occur at the
close of business on the date that is the earlier of (i) 10 days following a
public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons
(an "Acquiring Person") has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire,
beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares (the "Stock
Acquisition Date"), or (ii) on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as may
be fixed by the Board of the Company) after the commencement of a tender offer
or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 15%
or more of the outstanding Common Shares, in each case unless the transaction is
a tender offer or exchange offer for all Common Shares of the Company and the
Board of Directors has determined that the price is fair and the transaction is
otherwise in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Until the
Distribution Date, (a) the Rights will be evidenced by the Common Share
certificates and will be transferred with and only with such Common Share
certificates, (b) new Common Share certificates issued after October 29, 2001
will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference and (c)
the surrender for transfer of any certificate for Common Shares outstanding will
also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares
represented by such certificate.

         The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will
expire at the close of business on October 29, 2011, unless the Rights Agreement
is extended by the Board by the amendment of the Rights Agreement, unless
earlier redeemed by the Company as described below or unless a transaction under
Section 13(d) of the Rights Agreement (relating to consolidation, merger or sale
or transfer of assets or earning power) has occurred.

         As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates
will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares as of the close of
business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Rights
Certificates alone will represent the


                                       2
<PAGE>
Rights. Rights may be issued after the Distribution Date and prior to their
redemption or expiration only in cases approved by the Board or in connection
with the exercise of stock options, stock appreciation rights, grants or awards
that are outstanding on the Distribution Date under any benefit plan or
arrangement for employees or directors.

         Except in the circumstances described below, after the Distribution
Date each Right will be exercisable into one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share
(a "Preferred Share Fraction"). Each Preferred Share Fraction carries voting and
dividend rights that are intended to produce the equivalent of one Common Share.
The voting and dividend rights of the Preferred Shares are subject to adjustment
in the event of dividends, subdivisions and combinations with respect to the
Common Shares of the Company. In lieu of issuing certificates for Preferred
Share Fractions which are less than an integral multiple of one Preferred Share
(i.e., 100 Preferred Share Fractions), the Company may pay cash representing the
current market value of the Preferred Share Fractions. On the Stock Acquisition
Date, the Rights of the Acquiring Person and certain transferees of the
Acquiring Person will be void. Thereafter, commencing on the Distribution Date,
each other holder of a Right will have the right to purchase Common Shares (or,
in certain circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company)
having twice the value of the exercise price of the Right based on the average
market price for the Common Shares during the 30 previous trading days (that is,
at a price per share equal to one-half of their average market price during such
30 prior trading days). If, for example, the Purchase Price is $55.00 and the
average market price for the Common Shares is $20.00, the holder of each valid
Right would be entitled to purchase 5.5 Common Shares for $55.00, or $10.00 per
share. In lieu of requiring payment of the Purchase Price upon exercise of the
Rights, the Company may permit the holders simply to surrender the Rights, in
which event they will be entitled to receive one-half the number of Common
Shares (or other property, as the case may be) that they would have received
upon payment of the full Purchase Price. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing,
the Rights will be exercisable following the Stock Acquisition Date only when
the Rights are no longer redeemable by the Company as discussed below.

         At any time after a Person becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to the
acquisition by such Person or group of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding Common Shares, the Board may exchange all or part of the Rights
(other than Rights held by such Person or group which may have become void), in
whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right (subject to
adjustment).

         At any time until the expiration of ten days following the Stock
Acquisition Date, the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part,
at a price of $.01 per Right. That ten-day redemption period may be extended by
the Board of Directors so long as the Rights are still redeemable. Immediately
upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the
Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the $.01 redemption price.

         In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date,
(i) the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination
transaction in which the


                                       3
<PAGE>
Company is not the surviving corporation (other than a merger with a subsidiary
of the Company in circumstances where the benefits of the Rights will not be
substantially diminished), or (ii) 50% or more of the Company's assets, cash
flow or earning power is sold or transferred, each holder of a valid Right shall
thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise, common shares of the
acquiring company having a value equal to twice the exercise price of the Right
based on average market price of such shares during the 30 trading days prior to
the consummation of the merger or sale (that is, at a price per share equal to
one-half of their average market price during such 30 prior trading days).
Again, provision is made to permit surrender of the Rights in exchange for
one-half of the value otherwise purchasable.

         The Purchase Price payable and the number of Units of Preferred Share
Fractions or other securities or property issuable upon exercise of the Rights
are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event
of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of,
the Preferred Shares, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Shares are granted
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Shares or convertible
securities at less than the current market price of the Preferred Shares, or
(iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly dividends) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

         With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase
Price. No fractional Units will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in
cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last
trading date prior to the date of exercise. Until a Right is exercised, the
holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a shareholder of the Company,
including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.
Any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board of
Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. After the Distribution
Date, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the Board in
order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes that do not adversely affect the
interests of holders of Rights (excluding the interests of any Acquiring Person)
or to shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement.

         While the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to
shareholders or to the Company, shareholders may, depending upon the
circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become
exercisable for Preferred Shares (or other consideration) of the Company or for
common shares of the acquiring company as set forth above.

         The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the description of the Rights and their terms set forth in the Rights Agreement,
a copy of which is filed herewith and incorporated herein by reference.



                                       4
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND EXHIBITS.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                Exhibit
-----------                -------
<S>                        <C>
4.1                        Rights Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2001, between K-Tron
                           International, Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
                           as Rights Agent, including the form of Rights Certificate attached
                           as Exhibit B.
</TABLE>




                                       5
<PAGE>
                                    SIGNATURE

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

                                              K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.


Date:   October 16, 2001                      By:/s/ Edward B. Cloues, II
      -------------------                        -------------------------------
                                                 Edward B. Cloues, II
                                                 Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                                 Executive Officer



                                       6
<PAGE>
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Exhibit No.                Exhibit
-----------                -------
<S>                        <C>
4.1                        Rights Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2001, between K-Tron
                           International, Inc. and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
                           as Rights Agent, including the form of Rights Certificate attached
                           as Exhibit B.
</TABLE>





                                       7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>w53970ex4-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT DATED OCTOBER 16, 2001
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     Exhibit 4.1

                           K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                                       AND

                    AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY,

                                 AS RIGHTS AGENT

                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT
                          DATED AS OF OCTOBER 16, 2001
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE

<S>               <C>                                                                   <C>
Section 1.        Certain Definitions......................................................1

Section 2.        Appointment of Rights Agent..............................................4

Section 3.        Issuance of Rights Certificates..........................................4

Section 4.        Form of Rights Certificates..............................................6

Section 5.        Countersignature and Registration........................................6

Section 6.        Transfer, Split-Up, Combination and Exchange of
                  Rights Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost
                  or Stolen Rights Certificates............................................7

Section 7.        Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights............8

Section 8.        Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates.....................10

Section 9.        Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock;
                  Registration of Securities..............................................10

Section 10.       Capital Stock Record Date...............................................11

Section 11.       Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of Shares or
                  Number of Rights........................................................12

Section 12.       Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares..............19

Section 13.       Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets, Cash
                  Flow or Earning Power...................................................19

Section 14.       Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.................................22

Section 15.       Rights of Action........................................................23

Section 16.       Agreement of Rights Holders.............................................23

Section 17.       Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder......................24

Section 18.       Concerning the Rights Agent.............................................24

Section 19.       Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent...............25

Section 20.       Duties of Rights Agent..................................................25

Section 21.       Change of Rights Agent..................................................27

Section 22.       Issuance of New Rights Certificates.....................................28

Section 23.       Redemption and Termination..............................................29

Section 24.       Exchange................................................................30

Section 25.       Notice of Certain Events................................................31

Section 26.       Notices.................................................................31

Section 27.       Supplements and Amendments..............................................32

Section 28.       Successors..............................................................32

Section 29.       Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc...............33
</TABLE>


                                       i
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE

<S>               <C>                                                                   <C>
Section 30.       Benefits of this Agreement..............................................33

Section 31.       Severability............................................................33

Section 32.       Governing Law...........................................................34

Section 33.       Counterparts............................................................34

Section 34.       Descriptive Headings....................................................34


Exhibit A -       Resolution of the Board of Directors with respect to Series
                  B Junior Participating Preferred Shares

Exhibit B -       Form of Rights Certificate

Exhibit C -       Form of Summary of Rights
</TABLE>


                                       ii
<PAGE>
                                RIGHTS AGREEMENT

                  RIGHTS AGREEMENT, dated as of October 16, 2001 (the
"Agreement"), between K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC., a New Jersey corporation (the
"Company"), and AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, a New York corporation
(the "Rights Agent").

                               W I T N E S S E T H

                  WHEREAS, on October 16, 2001 (the "Rights Dividend Declaration
Date"), the Board of Directors of the Company authorized and declared a dividend
distribution of one Right for each Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the
Company outstanding at the close of business on October 29, 2001 (the "Record
Date") and has authorized the issuance of one Right (as such number may
hereafter be adjusted pursuant to the provisions of Section 11(p) hereof) for
each Common Share of the Company issued between the Record Date (whether
originally issued or delivered from the Company's treasury) and the Distribution
Date (as hereinafter defined), each Right initially representing the right to
purchase one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share (as hereinafter defined) of the
Company having the rights, powers and preferences set forth in the form of the
Resolution of the Board of Directors attached hereto as Exhibit A, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth (the "Rights"); and

                  WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has considered
whether approval of this Agreement and the distribution of the Rights are in the
best interests of the Company and all other pertinent factors.

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
mutual agreements herein set forth, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
the parties hereby agree as follows:

                  SECTION 1. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:

                  (a) "Acquiring Person" shall mean any Person who or which,
together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the
Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares then outstanding, but shall
not include (i) the Company, (ii) any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) any
employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any
Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or
pursuant to the terms of any such plan, (iv) any Person who falls within the
definition of an Acquiring Person solely as a result of a reduction in the
number of Common Shares outstanding due to the repurchase of Common Shares by
the Company unless and until such Person, after becoming aware that such Person
has become an Acquiring Person as a result of such repurchase of Common Shares
by the Company, acquires beneficial ownership of any additional Common Shares,
and (v) any Person who qualifies as an Acquiring Person inadvertently, and who
divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient number of Common Shares so that
such Person would no longer be an Acquiring Person.
<PAGE>
                  (b) "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective
meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and in effect
on the date hereof (the "Exchange Act").

                  (c) A Person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of, and
shall be deemed to "beneficially own," any securities:

                  (i) that such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
         Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to acquire (whether
         such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of
         time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether
         or not in writing) or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange
         rights, other rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided,
         however, that a Person shall not be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of,
         or to "beneficially own," (A) securities tendered pursuant to a tender
         or exchange offer made by such Person or any of such Person's
         Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted
         for payment, purchase or exchange, or (B) securities issuable upon
         exercise of Rights at any time prior to the occurrence of a Triggering
         Event, or (C) securities issuable upon exercise of Rights from and
         after the occurrence of a Triggering Event, which Rights were acquired
         by such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates prior
         to the Distribution Date or pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22
         hereof (the "Original Rights") or pursuant to Section 11(i) hereof in
         connection with an adjustment made with respect to any Original Rights;

                  (ii) that such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or
         Associates, directly or indirectly, has the right to vote or dispose of
         or has "beneficial ownership" of (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3
         of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act), including
         without limitation pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or
         understanding, whether or not in writing; provided, however, that a
         Person shall not be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of, or to
         "beneficially own," any security under this subparagraph (ii) as a
         result of an oral or written agreement, arrangement or understanding to
         vote such security if such agreement, arrangement or understanding: (A)
         arises solely from a revocable proxy given in response to a public
         proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with,
         the applicable provisions of the General Rules and Regulations under
         the Exchange Act, and (B) is not also then reportable by such Person on
         Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor
         report); or

                  (iii) that are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by
         any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which
         such Person (or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates) has any
         agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing),
         for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except pursuant to a
         revocable proxy as described in the proviso to subparagraph (ii) of
         this paragraph (c)) or disposing of any voting securities of the
         Company,

provided, however, that nothing in this paragraph (c) shall cause a Person
engaged in business as an underwriter of securities to be the "Beneficial Owner"
of, or to "beneficially own," any


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
securities acquired through such Person's participation in good faith in a firm
commitment underwriting until the expiration of forty days after the date of
such acquisition.

                  (d) "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are
authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

                  (e) "Close of business" on any given date shall mean 5:00
P.M., New York, New York time, on such date; provided, however, that if such
date is not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., New York, New York time, on
the next succeeding Business Day.

                  (f) "Common Shares" shall mean the shares of Common Stock,
with a par value of one cent ($0.01) per share, of the Company and, to the
extent that there are not a sufficient number of Common Shares authorized to
permit the full exercise of the Rights, shares of any other class or series of
the Company designated for such purpose containing terms substantially similar
to the terms of the Common Shares, except that "Common Shares" when used with
reference to any Person other than the Company shall mean the shares of capital
stock of such Person with the greatest voting power, or the equity securities or
other equity interest having power to control or direct the management, of such
Person.

                  (g) "Distribution Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3 hereof.

                  (h) "Expiration Date" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 7(a) hereof.

                  (i) "Person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation,
partnership or other entity.

                  (j) "Preferred Shares" shall mean the shares of Series B
Junior Participating Preferred Stock, with a par value of one cent ($0.01) per
share, of the Company and, to the extent that there are not a sufficient number
of Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock authorized to permit the full
exercise of the Rights, shares of any other series of Preferred Stock of the
Company designated for such purpose containing terms substantially similar to
the terms of the Series B Junior Participating Preferred Stock.

                  (k) "Preferred Share Fraction" shall mean one one-hundredth of
a Preferred Share.

                  (l) "Section 11(a)(ii) Event" shall mean any event described
in Section 11(a) (ii) hereof.

                  (m) "Section 13 Event" shall mean any event described in
clauses (x), (y) or (z) of Section 13(a) hereof.

                  (n) "Stock Acquisition Date" shall mean the first date of
public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include,
without limitation, a report


                                      -3-
<PAGE>
filed pursuant to Section 13(d) under the Exchange Act) by the Company or an
Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person has become such.

                  (o) "Subsidiary" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in Rule l2b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.

                  (p) "Trading Day" shall have the meaning set forth in Section
11(d)(i) hereof.

                  (q) "Triggering Event" shall mean any Section 11(a)(ii) Event
or any Section 13 Event.

                  Unless otherwise specified, where reference is made in this
Agreement to sections of, and the General Rules and Regulations under, the
Exchange Act, such reference shall mean such sections and rules as amended from
time to time and any successor provisions thereto.

                  SECTION 2. Appointment of Rights Agent.


                  The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent
for the Company. The Company may from time to time appoint such Co-Rights Agents
as it may deem necessary or desirable.

                  SECTION 3. Issuance of Rights Certificates.

                  (a) Until the earlier of (i) the close of business on the
tenth day after a Stock Acquisition Date (or if the tenth day after the Stock
Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the close of business on the
Record Date), or (ii) the close of business on the tenth Business Day (or such
later date as may be fixed by the Board of Directors of the Company) after the
date that a tender or exchange offer by any Person (other than the Company, any
Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any
Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or
established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) is
first published, sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, or any successor provision
thereto, if upon consummation thereof, such Person would be an Acquiring Person,
in either instance, unless the Board of Directors has made the determination
referred to in Section 11(a)(ii) (the earlier of (i) and (ii) being herein
referred to as the "Distribution Date"), (x) the Rights will be evidenced
(subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 3) by the
certificates for the Common Shares registered in the names of the holders of the
Common Shares (which certificates for Common Shares shall be deemed also to be
certificates for the Rights) and not by separate certificates, and (y) the
Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of the
underlying Common Shares (including a transfer to the Company). As soon as
practicable after the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will send by
first-class, postage prepaid mail, to each record holder of the Common Shares as
of the close of business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder
shown on the records of the Company, one or more rights certificates, in
substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto (the "Rights Certificates"),
evidencing one Right for each Common Share so held, subject to adjustment as
provided herein. In the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per
Common Share has been made pursuant to


                                      -4-
<PAGE>
Section 11(p) hereof, at the time of distribution of the Rights Certificates,
the Company shall make the necessary and appropriate rounding adjustments (in
accordance with Section 14(a) hereof) so that Rights Certificates representing
only whole numbers of Rights are distributed and cash is paid in lieu of any
fractional Rights. As of and after the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
evidenced solely by such Rights Certificates.

                  (b) The Company will make available, as promptly as
practicable following the Record Date, a Summary of Rights, in substantially the
form of Exhibit C hereto (the "Summary of Rights"), to any holder of Rights who
may so request prior to the Expiration Date (as such term is defined in Section
7 hereof). With respect to certificates for the Common Shares outstanding as of
the Record Date or issued subsequent to the Record Date but prior to the earlier
of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date, the Rights will be evidenced by
such certificates for the Common Shares and the registered holders of the Common
Shares shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights. Until the
earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date, the transfer of any
Certificates representing Common Shares in respect of which Rights have been
issued shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with such
Common Shares. Certificates issued after the Record Date upon the transfer of
Common Shares outstanding on the Record Date shall bear the legend set forth in
Section 3(c).

                  (c) Except as provided in Section 22 hereof, Rights shall be
issued in respect of all Common Shares that are issued (whether originally
issued or delivered from the Company's treasury) after the Record Date but prior
to the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date. Certificates
representing such Common Shares shall also be deemed to be Certificates for the
associated Rights, and shall bear the following legend:

                           "This certificate also evidences and entitles the
         holder hereof to certain Rights as set forth in the Rights Agreement
         between K-Tron International, Inc. (the "Company") and the Rights Agent
         thereunder dated as of October 16, 2001 (the "Rights Agreement"), and
         as the same may be amended from time to time, the terms of which are
         hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file
         at the principal offices of the Company. Under certain circumstances,
         as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by
         separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this
         certificate. The Company will mail to the holder of this certificate a
         copy of the Rights Agreement, as in effect on the date of mailing,
         without charge promptly after receipt of a written request therefor.
         Under certain circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement, Rights
         issued to, or held by, any Person who is, was or becomes an Acquiring
         Person or any Affiliate or Associate thereof (as such terms are defined
         in the Rights Agreement), whether currently held by or on behalf of
         such Person or by any subsequent holder, may become null and void."

With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the
earlier of (i) the Distribution Date or (ii) the Expiration Date, the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificates shall be
evidenced by such certificates alone and registered holders of Common Shares
shall also be the registered holders of the associated Rights, and the transfer
of any of such certificates shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights
associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificates.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>
                  SECTION 4. Form of Rights Certificates.

                  (a) The Rights Certificates (and the forms of election to
purchase and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall each be
substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto and may have such marks
of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements
printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent
with the provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any
applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any
rule or regulation of any stock exchange on which the Rights may from time to
time be listed, or to conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 11
and Section 22 hereof, the Rights Certificates, whenever distributed, shall
entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of Preferred Share Fractions
as shall be set forth therein at the price set forth therein (such exercise
price per Preferred Share Fraction, the "Purchase Price"), but the amount and
type of securities purchasable upon the exercise of each Right and the Purchase
Price thereof shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.

                  (b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 3(a) or
Section 22 hereof that represents Rights that are beneficially owned by: (i) an
Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a
transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who
becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such, or (iii) a
transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who
becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming
such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not
for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in
such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom such Acquiring Person has any
continuing oral or written plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding
regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer that the Board of Directors
of the Company has determined is part of an oral or written plan, agreement,
arrangement or understanding that has as a primary purpose or effect avoidance
of Section 7(e) hereof, and any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6
or Section 11 hereof upon transfer, exchange, replacement or adjustment of any
other Rights Certificate referred to in this sentence, shall contain (to the
extent feasible) the following legend:

                           "The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate
         are or were beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an
         Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person
         (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this
         Rights Certificate and the Rights represented hereby may become null
         and void in the circumstances specified in Section 7(e) of the Rights
         Agreement."

The absence of the foregoing legend on any Rights Certificates shall in no way
affect any of the other provisions of this Agreement, including without
limitation the provisions of Section 7(e).

                  SECTION 5. Countersignature and Registration.


                  (a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the
Company by its Chairman of the Board of Directors, its Chief Executive Officer,
its President or any Vice President or its Chief Financial Officer either
manually or by facsimile signature, and shall have affixed thereto the Company's
seal or a facsimile thereof which shall be attested by


                                      -6-
<PAGE>
the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by
facsimile signature. The Rights Certificates shall be countersigned by the
Rights Agent, either manually or by facsimile signature, and shall not be valid
for any purpose unless so countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who
shall have signed any of the Rights Certificates shall cease to be such officer
of the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and
delivery by the Company, such Rights Certificates, nevertheless, may be
countersigned by the Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the Company with
the same force and effect as though the person who signed such Rights
Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Rights
Certificates may be signed on behalf of the Company by any person who, at the
actual date of the execution of such Rights Certificate, shall be a proper
officer of the Company to sign such Rights Certificate, although at the date of
the execution of this Agreement any such person was not such an officer.

                  (b) Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will
keep, or cause to be kept, at its principal office or offices designated as the
appropriate place for surrender of Rights Certificates upon exercise or
transfer, books for registration and transfer of the Rights Certificates issued
hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective
holders of the Rights Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face
by each of the Rights Certificates, the Certificate number and the date of each
of the Rights Certificates.

                  SECTION 6. Transfer, Split-Up, Combination and Exchange of
Rights Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates.

                  (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), Section 7(e)
and Section 14 hereof, at any time after the close of business on the
Distribution Date, and at or prior to the close of business on the Expiration
Date, any Rights Certificate or Certificates may be transferred, split up,
combined or exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Certificates, entitling
the registered holder to purchase a like number of Preferred Share Fractions
(or, following a Triggering Event, Common Shares or other securities, cash or
other assets, as the case may be) as the Rights Certificate or Certificates
surrendered then entitles such holder or former holder in the case of a transfer
to purchase. Any registered holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or
exchange any Rights Certificate or Certificates shall make such request in
writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Rights
Certificate or Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged
at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any
action whatsoever with respect to the transfer of any such surrendered Rights
Certificate until the registered holder shall have completed and signed the
certificate contained in the form of assignment on the reverse side of such
Rights Certificate and shall have provided such additional evidence of the
identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or
Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request. Thereupon the Rights
Agent shall, subject to Section 4(b), Section 7(e) and Section 14 hereof,
countersign and deliver to the Person entitled thereto a Rights Certificate or
Rights Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may
require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that
may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or
exchange of Rights Certificates.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>
                  (b) Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of
evidence reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or
mutilation of a Rights Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction,
of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and reimbursement to
the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto,
and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the Rights
Certificate if mutilated, the Company will execute and deliver a new Rights
Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for countersignature and delivery
to the registered owner in lieu of the Rights Certificate so lost, stolen,
destroyed or mutilated.

                  SECTION 7. Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date
of Rights.

                  (a) Subject to Section 7(e), the registered holder of any
Rights Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as
otherwise provided herein including, without limitation, the restrictions on
exercisability set forth in Section 9(c), Section 11(a)(iii) and Section 23(a)
hereof) in whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon
surrender of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to purchase and
the certificate on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent
at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purpose, together with payment of the aggregate Purchase Price (except as
provided in Section 11(q) hereof) with respect to the total number of Preferred
Share Fractions (or Common Shares, other securities, cash or other assets, as
the case may be) as to which such surrendered Rights are then exercisable
(except as provided in Section 11(q) hereof), at or prior to the earliest of (i)
5:00 P.M., New York time, on October 29, 2011, or such later date as may be
established by the Board of Directors prior to the expiration of the Rights
(such date, as it may be extended by the Board of Directors, the "Final
Expiration Date"), (ii) the consummation of a transaction contemplated by
Section 13(d) hereof, or (iii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed or
terminated as provided in Section 23 hereof (the earliest of (i), (ii) and (iii)
being herein referred to as the "Expiration Date").

                  (b) The Purchase Price for each Preferred Share Fraction
pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall initially be $55.00, and shall be
subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Sections 11 and 13(a)
hereof and shall be payable in accordance with Section 7(c).

                  (c) Upon receipt of a Rights Certificate representing
exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase and the certificate
duly executed, accompanied by payment, with respect to each Right so exercised,
of the Purchase Price per Preferred Share Fraction (or Common Shares, other
securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) to be purchased as set
forth below and an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax, the Rights Agent
shall, subject to Section 20(k) and Section 14(b) hereof, thereupon promptly
(i)(A) requisition from any transfer agent of the Preferred Shares (or make
available, if the Rights Agent is the transfer agent for such Shares)
certificates for the total number of Preferred Shares to be purchased and the
Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer agent to comply with all such
requests, or (B) if the Company shall have elected to deposit some or all of the
total number of Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of the Rights hereunder
with a depositary agent, requisition from the depositary


                                      -8-
<PAGE>
agent depositary receipts representing such number of Preferred Share Fractions
as are to be purchased (in which case certificates for the Preferred Shares
represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent with the
depositary agent and the Company will direct the depositary agent to comply with
such request), (ii) requisition from the Company the amount of cash, if any, to
be paid in lieu of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 hereof, (iii)
after receipt of such certificates or depositary receipts, cause the same to be
delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights
Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such
holder, and (iv) after receipt thereof, deliver such cash, if any, to or upon
the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate. The payment of
the Purchase Price (as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii)
hereof) may be made, at the election of the holder of the Rights Certificate,
(x) in cash or by certified bank check or money order payable to the order of
the Company or (y) by delivery of Rights if and to the extent authorized by
Section 11(q) hereof. In the event that the Company is obligated to issue other
securities of the Company (including Common Shares), pay cash and/or distribute
other property pursuant to Section 11(a) hereof, the Company will make all
arrangements necessary so that such other securities, cash and/or other property
are available for distribution by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate.

                  (d) In case the registered holder of any Rights Certificate
shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Rights
Certificate evidencing the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the
Rights Agent and delivered to, or upon the order of, the registered holder of
such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated
by such holder, subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof.

                  (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, from and after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, any
Rights beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or
Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or
of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring
Person becomes such, or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any
such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently
with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to
either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring
Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person
with whom the Acquiring Person has any continuing oral or written plan,
agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B)
a transfer which the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of
an oral or written plan, agreement, arrangement or understanding which has as a
primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this Section 7(e), shall become null
and void without any further action and no holder of such Rights shall have any
rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights, whether under any provision of
this Agreement or otherwise. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to
insure that the provisions of this Section 7(e) and Section 4(b) hereof are
complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Rights Certificates
or any other Person as a result of its failure to make any determinations with
respect to an Acquiring Person or any of its Affiliates, Associates or
transferees hereunder.

                  (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to
undertake any action with respect to a registered holder upon the occurrence of
any purported exercise as set forth in this Section 7 unless such registered
holder shall have (i) completed and signed the certificate contained in the form
of election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Rights Certificate
surrendered for such exercise, and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the


                                      -9-
<PAGE>
identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or
Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.

                  SECTION 8. Cancellation and Destruction of Rights
Certificates. All Rights Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise,
transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company
or any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in
cancelled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be cancelled by
it, and no Rights Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as
expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company
shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the
Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Rights Certificate purchased
or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Rights
Agent shall deliver all cancelled Rights Certificates to the Company, or shall,
at the written request of the Company, destroy such cancelled Rights
Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction
thereof to the Company.

                  SECTION 9. Reservation and Availability of Capital Stock;
Registration of Securities.

                  (a) The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be
reserved and kept available for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding Rights
as many of its authorized and unissued Preferred Shares (and, following the
occurrence of a Triggering Event, out of its authorized and unissued Common
Shares and/or other securities or out of its authorized and issued shares held
in its treasury), which together shall at all times after the Distribution Date
be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.

                  (b) So long as the Preferred Shares (and, following the
occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common Shares or other securities) issuable
and deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights may be listed on any national
securities exchange, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause, from and
after such time as the Rights become exercisable, all shares and other
securities reserved for such issuance to be listed on such exchange upon
official notice of issuance upon such exercise.

                  (c) The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) file, as
soon as practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of a
Section 11(a)(ii) Event on which the consideration to be delivered by the
Company upon exercise of the Rights has been determined in accordance with
Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, a registration statement or statements under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act"), with respect to the securities purchasable
upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, (ii) cause such registration
statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing, and
(iii) cause such registration statement or statements to remain effective (with
a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the earlier
of (A) the date as of which the Rights are no longer exercisable for such
securities, and (B) the date of the expiration of the Rights. The Company will
also take such action as may be appropriate under, or to ensure compliance with,
the securities or "blue sky" laws of the various states in connection with the
exercisability of the Rights. The Company may temporarily suspend, for a period
of time not to exceed ninety (90) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of
the first sentence of this Section 9(c), the exercisability of the Rights in
order to prepare and file such registration statement and permit it to become
effective. Upon any such


                                      -10-
<PAGE>
suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the
exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public
announcement at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. In addition,
if the Company shall determine that a registration statement is required
following the Distribution Date, the Company may temporarily suspend the
exercisability of the Rights until such time as a registration statement has
been declared effective. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the
contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction if the
requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall have not been obtained, the
exercise thereof shall not be permitted under applicable law, or a registration
statement shall not have been declared effective.

                  (d) The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all
such action as may be necessary to ensure that all Preferred Shares (and,
following a Triggering Event, Common Shares or other securities) delivered upon
exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such
shares or other securities (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly
and validly authorized and issued and, with respect to Preferred Shares, Common
Shares or other shares of capital stock, fully paid and nonassessable.

                  (e) The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay
when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges
that may be payable in respect of the issuance or delivery of the Rights
Certificates and of any certificates for a number of Preferred Share Fractions
(or Common Shares or other securities, as the case may be) upon the exercise of
Rights. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any transfer tax that
may be payable in respect of any transfer or delivery of Rights Certificates to
a Person other than, or the issuance or delivery of a number of Preferred Share
Fractions (or Common Shares or other securities, as the case may be) in respect
of a name other than, that of the registered holder of the Rights Certificates
evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or deliver any
certificates for a number of Preferred Share Fractions (or Common Shares or
other securities, as the case may be) in a name other than, that of the
registered holder upon the exercise of any Rights until such tax shall have been
paid (any such tax being payable by the holder of such Rights Certificate at the
time of surrender) or until it has been established to the Company's
satisfaction that no such tax is due.

                  SECTION 10. Capital Stock Record Date. Each person in whose
name any certificate for a number of Preferred Share Fractions (or Common Shares
or other securities, as the case may be) is issued upon the exercise of Rights
shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of such
Preferred Share Fractions (or Common Shares or other securities, as the case may
be) represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon
which the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and
payment of the Purchase Price (and all applicable transfer taxes) was made;
provided, however, that if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon
which the Preferred Shares (or Common Shares and/or other securities, as the
case may be) transfer books of the Company are closed, such Person shall be
deemed to have become the record holder of such shares (fractional or otherwise)
on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next succeeding Business Day on
which the Preferred Shares (or Common Shares and/or other securities, as the
case may be) transfer books of the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of
the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a Rights Certificate shall not be
entitled to any rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect to shares
for which the Rights shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the


                                      -11-
<PAGE>
right to vote, to receive dividends or other distributions or to exercise any
preemptive rights, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any
proceedings of the Company, except as provided herein.

                  SECTION 11. Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number and Kind of
Shares or Number of Rights. The Purchase Price, the number and kind of shares
and other securities covered by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding
are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 11.

                  (a) (i) In the event the Company shall at any time after the
         date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Shares
         payable in Preferred Shares, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred
         Shares, (C) combine the outstanding Preferred Shares into a smaller
         number of shares, or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a
         reclassification of the Preferred Shares (including any such
         reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in which
         the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation), except as
         otherwise provided in this Section 11(a) and Section 7(e) hereof, the
         Purchase Price in effect at the time of the record date for such
         dividend or of the effective date of such subdivision, combination or
         reclassification, and the number and kind of Preferred Shares or
         capital stock, as the case may be, issuable on such date, shall be
         proportionately adjusted so that the holder of any Right exercised
         after such time shall be entitled to receive, upon payment of the
         adjusted Purchase Price, the aggregate number and kind of Preferred
         Shares or capital stock, as the case may be, that, if such Right had
         been exercised immediately prior to such date and at a time when the
         Preferred Share transfer books were open, such holder would have owned
         upon such exercise and been entitled to receive by virtue of such
         dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification. If an event
         occurs which would require an adjustment under both this Section 11(a)
         (i) and Section 11(a) (ii) hereof, the adjustment provided for in this
         Section 11(a) (i) shall be in addition to, and shall be made prior to,
         any adjustment required pursuant to Section 11(a) (ii) hereof.

                  (ii) In the event any Person shall, at any time after the
         Rights Dividend Declaration Date, become an Acquiring Person, unless
         the event causing the Person to become an Acquiring Person is a Section
         13 Event, or is an acquisition of Common Shares pursuant to a tender
         offer or an exchange offer for all outstanding Common Shares at a price
         and on terms determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, after
         receiving advice from one or more investment banking firms, to be (a)
         at a price which is fair to the shareholders, after taking into
         consideration all factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant,
         including, without limitation, the prices that could reasonably be
         achieved if the Company or its assets were sold on an orderly basis
         designed to realize maximum value and (b) otherwise in the best
         interests of the Company and its shareholders, then, promptly following
         the first occurrence of such event, proper provision shall be made so
         that each holder of a Right (except as provided below and in Section
         7(e) hereof) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon exercise
         thereof at the then current Purchase Price in accordance with the terms
         of this Agreement, in lieu of a number of Preferred Share Fractions,
         such number of Common Shares of the Company as shall equal the result
         obtained by (x) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the then
         number of Preferred Share Fractions for which a Right was exercisable
         immediately


                                      -12-
<PAGE>
         prior to the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, and (y)
         dividing that product (which, following such first occurrence, shall
         thereafter be referred to as the "Purchase Price" for each Right and
         for purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of the current market price
         (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per Common Share on the
         date of such first occurrence (such number of shares, the "Adjustment
         Shares").

                  (iii) In the event that the number of Common Shares that are
         authorized by the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation but
         not outstanding or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon
         exercise of the Rights are not sufficient to permit the exercise in
         full of the Rights in accordance with the foregoing subparagraph (ii)
         of this Section 11(a), the Company shall: (A) determine the excess of
         the value of the Adjustment Shares issuable upon the exercise of a
         Right (the "Current Value") over the Purchase Price (such excess, the
         "Spread"), and (B) with respect to each Right, make adequate provision
         to substitute for the Adjustment Shares, upon payment of the applicable
         Purchase Price, (1) cash, (2) a reduction in the Purchase Price, (3)
         Common Shares of the same or a different class or other equity
         securities of the Company (including, without limitation, preferred
         shares or units of preferred shares that the Board of Directors of the
         Company has deemed (based, among other things, on the dividend and
         liquidation rights of such preferred shares) to have substantially the
         same economic value as Common Shares (such preferred shares,
         hereinafter referred to as "common share equivalents")), (4) debt
         securities of the Company, (5) other assets, or (6) any combination of
         the foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to the Current Value,
         where such aggregate value has been determined by the Board of
         Directors of the Company after considering the advice of a nationally
         recognized investment banking firm selected by the Board of Directors
         of the Company; provided, however, if the Company shall not have made
         adequate provision to deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within
         thirty (30) days following the later of (x) the first occurrence of a
         Section 11(a)(ii) Event and (y) the date on which the Company's right
         of redemption pursuant to Section 23(a) expires (the later of (x) and
         (y) being referred to herein as the "Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date"),
         then the Company shall be obligated to deliver, upon the surrender for
         exercise of a Right and without requiring payment of the Purchase
         Price, Common Shares (to the extent available) and then, if necessary,
         cash, which shares and/or cash have an aggregate value equal to the
         Spread. If the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
         faith that it is likely that sufficient additional Common Shares could
         be authorized for issuance upon exercise in full of the Rights, the
         thirty (30) day period set forth above may be extended to the extent
         necessary, but not more than ninety (90) days after the Section
         11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may seek shareholder
         approval for the authorization of such additional shares (such period,
         as it may be extended, the "Substitution Period"). To the extent that
         the Company determines that action should be taken pursuant to the
         first and/or second sentences of this Section 11(a)(iii), the Company
         shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, that such action shall
         apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights, and may suspend the
         exercisability of the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution
         Period in order to seek any authorization of additional shares and/or
         to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be made pursuant to
         such first sentence and to determine the value thereof. The Company
         shall make a public announcement when the exercisability of the Rights
         has been temporarily suspended, and again when such suspension is no
         longer in effect. For purposes of this


                                      -13-
<PAGE>
         Section 11(a)(iii), the value of the Common Shares shall be the current
         market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per
         Common Share on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and the value of any
         "common share equivalent" shall be deemed to have the same value as the
         Common Shares on such date.

                  (b) In case the Company shall fix a record date for the
issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Preferred Shares
entitling them to subscribe for or purchase (for a period expiring within
forty-five (45) calendar after such record date) Preferred Shares (or shares
having same rights, privileges and preferences as the Preferred Shares
("equivalent preferred shares")) or securities convertible into Preferred Shares
or equivalent preferred shares at a price per Preferred Share or per equivalent
preferred share (or having a conversion price per share, if a security
convertible into Preferred Shares or equivalent preferred shares) less than the
current market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per
Preferred Share on such record date, the Purchase Price to be in effect after
such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect
immediately prior to record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on such record date, plus the number
of Preferred Shares that the aggregate offering price of the total number of
Preferred Shares and/or equivalent preferred shares so to be offered (and/or the
aggregate initial conversion price of the convertible securities so to be
offered) would purchase at such current market price, and the denominator of
which shall be the number of Preferred Shares outstanding on record date, plus
the number of additional Preferred Shares or equivalent preferred shares to be
offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible securities
so to be offered are initially convertible). In case such subscription price may
be paid by delivery of consideration part or all of which may be in a form other
than cash, the value of such consideration shall be as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described
in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding on the Rights
Agent and the holders of the Rights. Preferred Shares owned by or held for the
account of the Company shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of any
computation. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever such a record
date is fixed, and in the event that such rights or warrants are not so issued,
the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price that would then be
in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

                  (c) In case the Company shall fix a record date for a
distribution to all holders of Preferred Shares (including any such distribution
made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the
continuing corporation) of evidences of


                                      -14-
<PAGE>
indebtedness, cash (other than a regular quarterly dividend out of the earnings
or retained earnings of the Company), assets (other than a regular quarterly
dividend referred to above or dividend payable in Preferred Shares, but
including any dividend payable in stock other than Preferred Shares) or
subscription rights or warrants (excluding those referred to in Section 11(b)
hereof), the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be
determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the current market
price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof) per Preferred Share on
such record date, less the then fair market value (as determined in good faith
by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described
in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion of the cash, assets
or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such subscription rights
or warrants applicable to a Preferred Share and the denominator of which shall
be such current market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) hereof)
per Preferred Share. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a
record date is fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not so made,
the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would have
been in effect if such record date had not been fixed.

                  (d) (i) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, other
         than computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the
         "current market price" per Common Share on any date shall be deemed to
         be the average of the daily closing prices per Common Share for the
         thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter
         defined) immediately prior to such date, and for purposes of
         computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii) hereof, the "current
         market price" per Common Share on any date shall be deemed to be the
         average of the daily closing prices per Common Share for the ten (10)
         consecutive Trading Days immediately following such date; provided,
         however, that in the event that the current market price per Common
         Share is determined during a period following the announcement by the
         issuer of such Common Share of (A) a dividend or distribution on such
         Common Share payable in Common Shares or securities convertible into
         Common Shares (other than the Rights), or (B) any subdivision,
         combination or reclassification of such Common Shares, and prior to the
         expiration of the requisite thirty (30) Trading Day or ten (10) Trading
         Day period, as set forth above, after the ex-dividend date for such
         dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision,
         combination or reclassification, then, and in each such case, the
         "current market price" shall be properly adjusted to take into account
         ex-dividend trading. The closing price for each Trading Day shall be
         the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place
         on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular
         way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated
         transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or
         admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common
         Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock
         Exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction
         reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal
         national securities exchange on which the Common Shares are listed or
         admitted to trading or, if the Common Shares are not listed or admitted
         to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price
         or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices
         in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association
         of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System ("NASDAQ") or such
         other system then in use, or, if on any such date the Common Shares are
         not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and
         asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a
         market in the Common Shares selected by the Board of Directors of the
         Company. If on any such date no market maker is making a market in the
         Common Shares, the fair value of such shares on such date as determined
         in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used.
         The term "Trading Day" shall mean a day on which the principal national
         securities exchange on which the Common Shares are listed or admitted
         to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if the Common
         Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities
         exchange, a Business Day. If the Common Shares are not publicly held or
         not so listed or traded, "current market price" per share shall mean
         the fair value per share as determined in good faith by the Board of
         Directors of the


                                      -15-
<PAGE>
         Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed
         with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes.

                  (ii) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, the
         "current market price" per Preferred Share shall be determined in the
         same manner as set forth above for the Common Shares in clause (i) of
         this Section 11(d) (other than the last sentence thereof). If the
         current market price per Preferred Share cannot be determined in the
         manner provided above or if the Preferred Shares are not publicly held
         or listed or traded in a manner described in clause (i) of this Section
         11(d), the "current market price" per Preferred Share shall be
         conclusively deemed to be an amount equal to 100 (as such number may be
         appropriately adjusted for such events as stock splits, stock dividends
         and recapitalizations with respect to the Common Shares occurring after
         the date of this Agreement) multiplied by the current market price per
         Common Share. If neither the Common Shares nor the Preferred Shares are
         publicly held or so listed or traded, "current market price" per
         Preferred Share shall mean the fair value per share as determined in
         good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose
         determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights
         Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes.

                  (e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no
adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would
require an increase or decrease of at least one percent (1%) in the Purchase
Price; provided, however, that any adjustments which by reason of this Section
11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into
account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section 11
shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest ten-thousandth of a Common
Share or one-millionth of a Preferred Share, as the case may be. Notwithstanding
the first sentence of this Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this
Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier of (i) three (3) years from
the date of the transaction that mandates such adjustment, or (ii) the
Expiration Date.

                  (f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section
11(a)(ii) or Section 13(a) hereof, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised
shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than
Preferred Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon
exercise of any Right and the Purchase Price thereof shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as
practicable to the provisions with respect to the Preferred Shares contained in
Sections 11(a), (b), (c), (e), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k), (m) and (q), and the
provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 hereof with respect to the Preferred
Shares shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.

                  (g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to
any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to
purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of Preferred Share
Fractions purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Rights,
all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.

                  (h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as
provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a
result of the calculations made in Sections 11(b) and (c), each Right
outstanding immediately prior to the making of such


                                      -16-
<PAGE>
adjustment shall thereafter evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted
Purchase Price, that number of Preferred Share Fractions (calculated to the
nearest one-millionth of a Preferred Share) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the
number of Preferred Share Fractions covered by a Right immediately prior to this
adjustment, by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such
adjustment of the Purchase Price, and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by
the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase
Price.

                  (i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any
adjustment of the Purchase Price to adjust the number of Rights, in lieu of any
adjustment in the number of Preferred Share Fractions purchasable upon the
exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights outstanding after the adjustment in the
number of Rights shall be exercisable for the number of Preferred Share
Fractions for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to such
adjustment. Each Right held of record prior to such adjustment of the number of
Rights shall become that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest
ten-thousandth of a Preferred Share) obtained by dividing the Purchase Price in
effect immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price by the Purchase
Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase Price. The Company
shall make a public announcement of its election to adjust the number of Rights,
indicating the record date for the adjustment, and, if known at the time, the
amount of the adjustment to be made. The record date for the adjustment may be
the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter, but, if
the Rights Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten (10) days later
than the date of the public announcement. If Rights Certificates have been
issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section
11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be distributed to
holders of record of Rights Certificates on such record date Rights Certificates
evidencing, subject to Section 14 hereof, the additional Rights to which such
holders shall be entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of
the Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders of record in
substitution and replacement for the Rights Certificates held by such holders
prior to the date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the
Company, new Rights Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders
shall be entitled after such adjustment. Rights Certificates so to be
distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner provided
for herein (and may bear, at the option of the Company, the adjusted Purchase
Price) and shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Rights
Certificates on the record date specified in the public announcement.

                  (j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase
Price or the number of Preferred Share Fractions issuable upon the exercise of
the Rights, the Rights Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may
continue to express the Purchase Price per Preferred Share Fraction and the
number of Preferred Share Fractions that were expressed in the initial Rights
Certificates issued hereunder.

                  (k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment
reducing the Purchase Price below the then stated or par value, if any, of the
number of Preferred Share Fractions issuable upon exercise of the Rights, the
Company shall take any corporate action that may, in the opinion of its counsel,
be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue such number
of fully paid and nonassessable Preferred Share Fractions at such adjusted
Purchase Price.


                                      -17-
<PAGE>
                  (l) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an
adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a
specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such
event the issuance to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date
the number of Preferred Share Fractions and other capital stock or securities of
the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the number of
Preferred Share Fractions and other capital stock or securities of the Company,
if any, issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect
prior to such adjustment; provided, however, that the Company shall deliver to
such holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's
right to receive such additional shares (fractional or otherwise) or securities
upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.

                  (m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the
Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this
Section 11, as and to the extent that in their good faith judgment the Board of
Directors of the Company shall determine to be advisable in order that any (i)
consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred Shares, (ii) issuance wholly for
cash of any Preferred Shares at less than the current market price, (iii)
issuance wholly for cash or Preferred Shares or securities which by their terms
are convertible into or exchangeable for Preferred Shares, (iv) stock dividends
or (v) issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to in this Section 11,
hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred Shares shall not be
taxable to such shareholders.

                  (n) The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not, at any
time after the Distribution Date, (i) consolidate with any other Person (other
than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section
11(o) hereof), (ii) merge with or into any other Person (other than a Subsidiary
of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or
(iii) sell or transfer (or permit any Subsidiary to sell or transfer), in one
transaction, or a series of related transactions, assets or earning power
aggregating more than 50% of the assets or earning power of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than the
Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more transactions each of which
complies with Section 11(o) hereof), if (x) at the time of or immediately after
such consolidation, merger or sale there are any rights, warrants or other
instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in effect that would
substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be
afforded by the Rights or (y) prior to, simultaneously with or immediately after
such consolidation, merger or sale, the shareholders of the Person who
constitutes, or would constitute, the "Principal Party" for purposes of Section
13(a) hereof shall have received a distribution of Rights previously owned by
such Person or any of its Affiliates and Associates.

                  (o) The Company covenants and agrees that, after the
Distribution Date, it will not, except as permitted by Section 23 or Section 27
hereof, take (or permit any Subsidiary to take) any action if at the time such
action is taken it is reasonably foreseeable that such action will diminish
substantially or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the
Rights.

                  (p) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary
notwithstanding, in the event that the Company shall at any time after the
Rights Dividend Declaration Date and prior to


                                      -18-
<PAGE>
the Distribution Date (i) declare a dividend on the outstanding Common Shares
payable in Common Shares, (ii) subdivide the outstanding Common Shares, or (iii)
combine the outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, the
number of Rights associated with each Common Share then outstanding, or issued
or delivered thereafter but prior to the Distribution Date, shall be
proportionately adjusted so that the number of Rights thereafter associated with
each Common Share following any such event shall equal the result obtained by
multiplying the number of Rights associated with each Common Share immediately
prior to such event by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the total
number of Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the
event and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Common Shares
outstanding immediately following the occurrence of such event.

                  (q) In the event that the Rights become exercisable following
a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, the Company, by action of the Board of Directors of
the Company, may permit the Rights, subject to Section 7(e) hereof, to be
exercised for 50% of the Common Shares (or cash or other securities or assets to
be substituted for the Adjustment Shares pursuant to Section 11(a)(iii)) that
would otherwise be purchasable under Section 11(a), in consideration of the
surrender to the Company of the Rights so exercised and without other payment of
the Purchase Price. Rights exercised under this Section 11(q) shall be deemed to
have been exercised in full and shall be canceled.

                  SECTION 12. Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number
of Shares. Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Section 11 and Section
13 hereof, the Company shall (a) promptly prepare a certificate setting forth
such adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such
adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Rights Agent, and with each transfer
agent for the Preferred Shares and the Common Shares, a copy of such
certificate, and (c) if a Distribution Date has occurred, mail a brief summary
thereof to each holder of a Rights Certificate (or, if prior to the Distribution
Date, to each holder of a certificate representing Common Shares) in accordance
with Section 26 hereof. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on
any such certificate and on any adjustment therein contained.

                  SECTION 13. Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of
Assets, Cash Flow or Earning Power.

                  (a) In the event that, following the Stock Acquisition Date,
directly or indirectly, (x) the Company shall consolidate with, or merge with
and into, any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a
transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), and the Company shall not
be the continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger, (y)
any person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction which
complies with Section 11(o) hereof) shall consolidate with, or merge with or
into, the Company, and the Company shall be the continuing or surviving
corporation of such consolidation or merger and, in connection with such
consolidation or merger, all or part of the outstanding Common Shares shall be
changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other Person or
cash or any other property, or (z) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer
(or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer), in one
transaction or a series of related transactions, assets, cash flow or earning
power aggregating more than 50% of the assets, cash flow or earning power of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any Person or Persons (other
than the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in one or


                                      -19-
<PAGE>
more transactions each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), then, and
in each such case and except as contemplated by Section 13(d), proper provision
shall be made so that:

                  (i) each holder of a Right, except as provided in Section 7(e)
         or Section 13(e) hereof, shall thereafter have the right to receive,
         upon the exercise thereof at the then current Purchase Price in
         accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such number of validly
         authorized and issued, fully paid, nonassessable and freely tradable
         Common Shares of the Principal Party (as such term is hereinafter
         defined), not subject to any liens, encumbrances, rights of first
         refusal or other adverse claims, as shall be equal to the result
         obtained by (1) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the
         number of Preferred Share Fractions for which a Right is exercisable
         immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event (or, if
         a Section 11(a)(ii) Event has occurred prior to the first occurrence of
         a Section 13 Event, multiplying the number of such shares for which a
         Right was exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a
         Section 11(a)(ii) Event by the Purchase Price in effect immediately
         prior to such first occurrence), and dividing that product (which,
         following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, shall be referred
         to as the "Purchase Price" for each Right and for all purposes of this
         Agreement) by (2) 50% of the current market price (determined pursuant
         to Section 11(d)(i) hereof) per Common Share of such Principal Party on
         the date of consummation of such Section 13 Event;

                  (ii) such Principal Party shall thereafter be liable for, and
         shall assume, by virtue of such Section 13 Event, all the obligations
         and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement;

                  (iii) the term "Company" shall thereafter be deemed to refer
         to such Principal Party, it being specifically intended that the
         provisions of Section 11 hereof shall apply only to such Principal
         Party following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event;

                  (iv) such Principal Party shall take such steps (including,
         but not limited to, the reservation of a sufficient number of its
         Common Shares) in connection with the consummation of any such
         transaction as may be necessary to assure that the provisions hereof
         shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in
         relation to its Common Shares thereafter deliverable upon the exercise
         of the Rights; and

                  (v) the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof shall be of no
         effect following the first occurrence of any Section 13 Event.

                  (b) "Principal Party" shall mean

                  (i) in the case of any transaction described in clause (x) or
         (y) of the first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the
         issuer of any securities into which Common Shares of the Company are
         converted in such merger or consolidation, and if no securities are so
         issued, the Person that is the other party to such merger or
         consolidation; and


                                      -20-
<PAGE>
                  (ii) in the case of any transaction described in clause (z) of
         the first sentence of Section 13(a), the Person that is the party
         receiving the greatest portion of the assets, cash flow or earning
         power transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions;

provided, however, that in any such case, (1) if the Common Shares of such
Person are not at such time and have not been continuously over the preceding
twelve (12) month period registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and
such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person the Common
Shares of which are and have been so registered, "Principal Party" shall refer
to such other Person, and (2) in case such Person is a Subsidiary, directly or
indirectly, of more than one Person, the Common Shares of two or more of which
are and have so registered, "Principal Party" shall refer to whichever of
Persons is the issuer of the Common Shares having the greatest aggregate market
value.

         (c) The Company shall not consummate any such consolidation, merger,
sale or transfer unless the Principal Party shall have a sufficient number of
authorized shares of its common stock that have not been issued or reserved for
issuance to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with this
Section 13 and unless prior thereto the Company and such Principal Party shall
have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement
providing for the terms set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 13
and further providing that, as soon as practicable after the date of any
consolidation, merger or sale of assets mentioned in paragraph (a) of this
Section 13, the Principal Party will:

                  (i) prepare and file a registration statement under the Act,
         with respect to the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise
         of the Rights on an appropriate form, and will use its best efforts to
         cause such registration statement to (A) become effective as soon as
         practicable after such filing and (B) remain effective (with a
         prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Act) until the
         Expiration Date;

                  (ii) take all such other action as may be necessary to enable
         the Principal Party to issue the securities purchasable upon exercise
         of the Rights, including but not limited to the registration or
         qualification of such securities under all requisite securities laws of
         jurisdictions of the various states and the listing of such securities
         on such exchanges and trading markets as may be necessary or
         appropriate; and

                  (iii) deliver to holders of the Rights historical financial
         statements for the Principal Party and each of its Affiliates that
         comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on Form
         10 under the Exchange Act.

The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or
consolidations or sales or other transfers. In the event that a Section 13 Event
shall occur at any time after the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, the
Rights have not theretofore been exercised shall thereafter become exercisable
solely in the manner described in Section 13(a).

                  (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, Section 13 (other than this Section 13(d)) shall not be applicable to,
and the term "Section 13 Event" shall not include, a transaction described in
subparagraphs (x) and (y) of Section 13(a) if


                                      -21-
<PAGE>
(i) such transaction is consummated with a Person, or Persons who acquired
Common Shares pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer for all outstanding
Common Shares that complies with the provisions of Section 11(a)(ii) hereof (or
a wholly owned Subsidiary of any such Person or Persons), (ii) the price per
Common Share offered in such transaction is not less than the price per Common
Share paid to all holders of Common Shares whose shares were purchased pursuant
to such tender offer or exchange offer and (iii) the form of consideration being
offered to the remaining holders of Common Shares pursuant to such transaction
is the same as the form of consideration paid pursuant to such tender or
exchange offer. Upon consummation of such transaction contemplated by this
Section 13(d), all Rights hereunder shall expire.

                  (e) In the event that the Rights become exercisable under
Section 13(a) (except as provided in Section 13(d)), the Company, by action of
the Board of Directors of the Company, may agree with the Principal Party that
the Principal Party shall permit the Rights to be exercised for 50% of the
Common Shares of the Principal Party that would otherwise be purchasable under
Section 13(a), in consideration of the surrender to the Principal Party, as the
successor to the Company under Section 13(a)(ii), of the Rights so exercised and
without other payment of the Purchase Price. Rights exercised under this Section
13(e) shall be deemed to have been exercised in full and shall be canceled.

                  SECTION 14. Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares.

                  (a) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Rights, except prior to the Distribution Date as provided in Section 11(p)
hereof, or to distribute Rights Certificates that evidence fractional Rights. In
lieu of such fractional Rights, there shall be paid to the registered holders of
the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would
otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the
current market value of a whole Right. For purposes of this Section 14(a), the
current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights
for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional
Rights would have been otherwise issuable. The closing price of the Rights for
any day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale
takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices,
regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated
transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to
trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Rights are not listed or
admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal
consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on
the principal national securities exchange on which the Rights are listed or
admitted to trading, or if the Rights are not listed or admitted to trading on
any national securities exchange, the last quoted price or, if not so quoted,
the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market,
as reported by NASDAQ or such other system then in use or, if on any such date
the Rights are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing
bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market
in the Rights selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such
date no such market maker is making a market in the Rights, the fair value of
the Rights on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of
the Company shall be used.


                                      -22-

<PAGE>

                  (b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Preferred Shares upon exercise of the Rights or to distribute certificates which
evidence fractional Preferred Shares, except in each case for fractions which
are integral multiples of Preferred Shares. In lieu of fractional Preferred
Shares that are not integral multiples of Preferred Shares, the Company may pay
to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights are
exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the
current market value of a Preferred Share. For purposes of this Section 14(b),
the current market value of one Preferred Share shall be the closing price of a
Preferred Share (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(ii) hereof) for the
Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

                  (c) Following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, the
Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Common Shares upon exercise
of the Rights or to distribute certificates that evidence fractional Common
Shares. In lieu of fractional Common Shares, the Company may pay to the
registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised
as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current
market value of one Common Share. For purposes of this Section 14(c), the
current market value of one Common Share shall be the closing price of one
Common Share (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d)(i) hereof) for the Trading
Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise.

                  (d) The holder of a Right by the acceptance thereof expressly
waives his right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional Common
Shares upon exercise of a Right, except as permitted by this Section 14.

         SECTION 15. Rights of Action. All rights of action in respect of this
Agreement are vested in the respective registered holders of the Rights
Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the
Common Shares); and any registered holder of any Rights Certificate (or, prior
to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), without the consent of the
Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Rights Certificate (or, prior to the
Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), may, in his own behalf and for his own
benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding
against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his right to
exercise the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate in the manner provided
in such Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing
or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically
acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law
for any breach of this Agreement and shall be entitled to specific performance
of the obligations hereunder and injunctive relief against actual or threatened
violations of the obligations hereunder of any Person subject to this Agreement.

         SECTION 16. Agreement of Rights Holders. Every holder of a Right by
accepting the same consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent and
with every other such holder that:

                  (a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be
transferable only in connection with the transfer of Common Shares;


                                      -23-
<PAGE>
                  (b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates are
transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at
the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such
purposes, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and
with the appropriate forms and certificates fully executed;

                  (c) subject to Section 6(a) and Section 7(f) hereof, the
Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the Person in whose name a
Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common
Share certificate) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights
evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the
Rights Certificates or the associated Common Share certificate made by anyone
other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and
neither the Company nor the Rights Agent, subject to the last sentence of
Section 7(e) hereof, shall be required to be affected by any notice to the
contrary; and

                  (d) notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall have any liability to
any holder of a Right or other Person as a result of its inability to perform
any of its obligations under this Agreement by reason of any preliminary or
permanent injunction or other order, decree or ruling issued by a court of
competent jurisdiction or by a governmental, regulatory or administrative agency
or commission, or any statute, rule, regulation or executive order promulgated
or enacted by any governmental authority, prohibiting or otherwise restraining
performance of such obligation; provided, however, the Company must use its best
efforts to have any such order, decree or ruling lifted or otherwise overturned
as soon as possible.

         SECTION 17. Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Shareholder. No
holder, as such, of any Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive
dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the number of Preferred
Share Fractions or any other securities of the Company (including the Common
Shares) that may at any time be issuable on the exercise of the Rights
represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein or in any Rights
Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Rights Certificate, as
such, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for
the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any
meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to
receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting shareholders (except as
provided in Section 25 hereof), or to receive dividends or subscription rights,
or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate
shall have been exercised in accordance with the provisions hereof.

         SECTION 18. Concerning the Rights Agent.

                  (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent reasonable
compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time,
on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and
disbursements and other disbursements incurred in the administration and
execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties
hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to
hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense, incurred without
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent, for
anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the acceptance
and administration of this


                                      -24-
<PAGE>
Agreement, including the costs and expenses of defending against any claim of
liability in the premises.

                  (b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no
liability for or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in
connection with its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any Rights
Certificate or certificate for Common Shares or for other securities of the
Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement,
affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement, or other
paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to be signed, executed and,
where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons.

         SECTION 19. Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent.

                  (a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any
successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or
any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights
Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation
succeeding to the corporate trust or stock transfer business of the Rights Agent
or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under
this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act
on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, however, that such
corporation would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under
the provisions of Section 21 hereof. In case at the time such successor Rights
Agent shall succeed to the agency and trust created by this Agreement, any of
the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any
such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of a predecessor
Rights Agent and deliver such Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case
at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned,
any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in
the name of the predecessor or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in
all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in
the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement.

                  (b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be
changed and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been
countersigned but not delivered the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature
under its prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in
case at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been
countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either
in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases such Rights
Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and
in this Agreement.

         SECTION 20. Duties of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent undertakes the
duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the following terms and
conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Rights Certificates,
by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:

                  (a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may
be legal counsel for the Company), and the written opinion of such counsel shall
be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any
action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>
                  (b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this
Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or
matter (including, without limitation, the identity of any Acquiring Person and
the determination of "current market price") be proved or established by the
Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may
be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by
the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any
Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and
delivered to the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full authorization
to the Rights Agent for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under
the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.

                  (c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its
own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.

                  (d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of
any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the
Rights Certificates or be required to verify the same (except as to its
countersignature on such Rights Certificates), but all such statements and
recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.

                  (e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in
respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery hereof
(except the due execution hereof by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the
validity or execution of any Rights Certificate (except its countersignature
thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Rights Certificate;
nor shall it be responsible for any adjustment required under the provisions of
Section 11 or Section 13 hereof or responsible for the manner, method or amount
of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would
require any such adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights
evidenced by Rights Certificates after actual notice of any such adjustment);
nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or
warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Common Shares to be
issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Rights Certificate or as to whether any
Common Shares or Preferred Shares will, when so issued, be validly authorized
and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

                  (f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute,
acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may
reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by
the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.

                  (g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to
accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from
the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice
President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary,
the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer of the Company, and to apply to such
officers for advice or instructions in connection with its duties, and it shall
not be liable for any action taken or suffered to be taken by it in good faith
in accordance with instructions of any such officer.


                                      -26-
<PAGE>
                  (h) The Rights Agent and any shareholder, director, officer or
employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other
securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in
which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the
Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not the Rights
Agent under this Agreement and none of such actions shall constitute a breach of
trust. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting in any other
capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

                  (i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the
rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself
or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be
answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any
such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such
act, default, neglect or misconduct; provided, however, reasonable care was
exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof.

                  (j) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights
Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability
in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its
rights if there shall be reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such
funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not
reasonably assured to it.

                  (k) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to
the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the form
of assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has either
not been completed or indicates an affirmative response to clause 1 and/or 2
thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to such
requested exercise or transfer without first consulting with the Company.

         SECTION 21. Change of Rights Agent. The Rights Agent or any successor
Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement
upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice mailed to the Company and to each
transfer agent of the Common Shares and Preferred Shares by registered or
certified mail, and, if such resignation occurs after the Distribution Date, to
the registered holders of the Rights Certificates by first-class mail. The
Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent upon thirty
(30) days' prior written notice mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights
Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Shares and
Preferred Shares, by registered or certified mail, and, if such removal occurs
after the Distribution Date, to the holders of the Rights Certificates by
first-class mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall
otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor to
the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a
period of thirty (30) days after giving notice of such removal or after it has
been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or
incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Rights Certificate (who shall,
with such notice, submit his Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company),
then any registered holder of any Rights Certificate may apply to any court of
competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor
Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall be (a)
a corporation organized, doing business and in good standing under the laws of
the United States or of any state, having a principal office in the State


                                      -27-
<PAGE>
of New York or the State of New Jersey, that is authorized by law to exercise
corporate trust and stock transfer powers or stockholder services powers and is
subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and that has
at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus
adequate in the judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company to assure the
performance of its duties hereunder and the protection of the interests of the
Company and the holders of Rights, or (b) an Affiliate of a corporation
described in clause (a) of this sentence. After appointment, the successor
Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and
responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent without
further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer
to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and
execute and deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for
that purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment, the
Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent
and each transfer agent of the Common Shares and Preferred Shares and mail a
notice thereof in writing to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates
or, prior to the Distribution Date, to the registered holders of the Common
Shares. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21, however, or
any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation
or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent,
as the case may be.

         SECTION 22. Issuance of New Rights Certificates. Notwithstanding any of
the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the Company
may, at its option, issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in such form
as may be approved by the Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change
in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of shares or other
securities or property purchasable under the Rights Certificates made in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in connection
with the issuance, sale or delivery of Common Shares following the Distribution
Date and prior to the redemption or expiration of the Rights, the Company (a)
shall, with respect to Common Shares so issued, sold or delivered pursuant to
the exercise of stock options, stock appreciation rights, grants or awards
outstanding on the Distribution Date under any benefit plan or arrangement for
employees or directors, or upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of
securities outstanding on the Record Date or hereinafter issued by the Company,
and (b) may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board
of Directors of the Company, issue Rights Certificates representing the
appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale; provided,
however, that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the
extent that, the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance would
create a significant risk of material adverse tax consequences to the Company or
the Person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued, and (ii) no such
Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that, appropriate
adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance thereof.

         SECTION 23. Redemption and Termination.

                  (a) The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option,
at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth day
following a Stock Acquisition Date (or, if the Stock Acquisition Date shall have
occurred prior to the Record Date, the close of business on the tenth day
following the Record Date), or (ii) the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but
not less than all of the then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $0.01
per Right, as


                                      -28-
<PAGE>
such amount may be appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock
dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date hereof (such redemption
price being hereinafter referred to as the "Redemption Price") and the Company
may, at its option, pay the Redemption Price either in Common Shares (based on
the "current market price", as defined in Section 11(d)(i) hereof, of the Common
Shares at the time of redemption), cash or any other form of consideration
deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors; provided, however, if, following
the occurrence of a Stock Acquisition Date and following the expiration of the
right of redemption hereunder but prior to any Triggering Event, (i) an
Acquiring Person shall have transferred or otherwise disposed of a number of
Common Shares in one transaction or a series of transactions, not directly or
indirectly involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which did not
result in the occurrence of a Triggering Event or the Company shall have issued
additional equity securities, in either instance such that such Person is
thereafter a Beneficial Owner of 10% or less of the outstanding Common Shares,
and (ii) there is no other Acquiring Person immediately following the occurrence
of the event described in clause (i), then the right of redemption shall be
reinstated and thereafter be subject to the provisions of this Section 23.
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights
shall not be exercisable after the first occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event
until such time as the Company's right of redemption hereunder has expired.

                  (b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall have
been filed with the Rights Agent and without any further action and without any
notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right
thereafter of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price for
each Right so held. Promptly after the action of the Board of Directors ordering
the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall give notice of such redemption
to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights by mailing
such notice to all such holders at each holder's last address as it appears upon
the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on
the registry books of the Transfer Agent for the Common Shares. Any notice that
is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not
the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of redemption will state the
method by which the payment of the Redemption Price will be made.

                  (c) In deciding whether or not to exercise the Company's right
of redemption hereunder, the directors of the Company shall act in good faith,
in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the Company
and with such care, including reasonable inquiry, skill and diligence, as a
person of ordinary prudence would use under similar circumstances.

         SECTION 24. Exchange.

                  (a) The Board of Directors of the Company may, at its option,
at any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, exchange all or part
of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights (which shall not include Rights
that have become null and void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e)
hereof) for Common Shares at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right,
appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar
transaction occurring after the date hereof (such exchange ratio being
hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Ratio"). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company's Board of Directors


                                      -29-
<PAGE>
shall not be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after any Person
(other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit
plan of the Company or any such Subsidiary, or any Person organized, appointed
or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan),
together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the
Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then outstanding.

                  (b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of
the Company ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to Section 24(a) and
without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such
Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of the holders of such
Rights shall be to receive that number of Common Shares equal to the number of
such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. The Company
shall promptly give public notice of any such exchange; provided, however, that
the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity
of such exchange. The Company shall promptly notify the Rights Agent of any such
exchange. The Company promptly shall mail a notice of any such exchange to all
of the holders of such Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the
registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner
herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the
notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by which the exchange
of the Common Shares for Rights will be effected and, in the event of any
partial exchange, the number of Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial
exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than
Rights which have become null or void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e)
hereof) held by each holder of Rights.

                  (c) In the event that there shall not be sufficient Common
Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit any
exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with this Section 24, the
Company shall take all such action as may be necessary to authorize additional
Common Shares for issuance upon exchange of the Rights.

                  (d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
Common Shares or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Common
Shares. In lieu of such fractional Common Shares, there shall be paid to the
registered holders of the Rights Certificates with regard to which such
fractional Common Shares would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to
the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Common Share. For the
purposes of this Section 24(d), the current market value of a whole Common Share
shall be the closing price of a Common Share (as determined pursuant to the
second sentence of Section 11(d) hereof) for the Trading Day immediately prior
to the date of exchange pursuant to this Section 24.

         SECTION 25. Notice of Certain Events.

                  (a) In case the Company shall propose, at any time after the
Distribution Date, (i) to pay any dividend payable in stock of any class to the
holders of Preferred Shares or to make any other distribution to the holders of
Preferred Shares (other than a regular quarterly dividend out of earnings or
retained earnings of the Company), or (ii) to offer to the holders of Preferred
Shares rights or warrants to subscribe for or to purchase any additional
Preferred Shares or shares of stock of any class or any other securities, rights
or options, or (iii) to effect any reclassification of its Preferred Shares
(other than a reclassification involving only


                                      -30-
<PAGE>
the subdivision of outstanding Preferred Shares), or (iv) to effect any
consolidation or merger into or with any other Person (other than a Subsidiary
of the Company in a transaction which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or to
effect any sale or other transfer (or to permit one or more of its Subsidiaries
to effect any sale or other transfer), in one transaction or a series of related
transactions, of more than 50% of the assets, cash flow or earning power of the
Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons
(other than the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries in one or more
transactions each of which complies with Section 11(o) hereof), or (v) to effect
the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, then, in each such
case, the Company shall give to each holder of a Rights Certificate, to the
extent feasible and in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a notice of such
proposed action, which shall specify the record date for the purposes of such
stock dividend, distribution of rights or warrants, or the date on which such
reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up is to take place and the date of participation
therein by the holders of Preferred Shares, if any such date is to be fixed, and
such notice shall be so given in the case of any action covered by clause (i) or
(ii) above at least twenty (20) days prior to the record date for determining
holders of Preferred Shares for purposes of such action, and in the case of any
such other action, at least twenty (20) days prior to the date of the taking of
such proposed action or the date of participation therein by the holders of
Preferred Shares, whichever shall be the earlier.

                  (b) Upon the occurrence of a Section 11(a)(ii) Event, (i) the
Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Rights
Certificate, to the extent feasible and in accordance with Section 26 hereof, a
notice of the occurrence of such event, which shall specify the event and the
consequences of the event to holders of Rights under Section 11(a)(ii) hereof,
and (ii) all references in the preceding paragraph to Preferred Shares shall be
deemed thereafter to refer to Common Shares and/or, if appropriate, other
securities.

         SECTION 26. Notices. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to
be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights Certificate
to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class
mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with
the Rights Agent) as follows:

                           K-Tron International, Inc.
                           Routes 55 and 553
                           Pitman, NJ  08071
                           Attention:  Corporate Secretary

Subject to the provisions of Section 21, any notice or demand authorized by this
Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any Rights
Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if
sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is
filed in writing with the Company) as follows:

                           American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
                           59 Maiden Lane
                           New York, NY 10038
                           Attention:  Isaac Kagan


                                      -31-
<PAGE>
Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the
Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Rights Certificate (or, if
prior to the Distribution Date to the holder of certificates representing Common
Shares) shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the
registry books of the Company.

         SECTION 27. Supplements and Amendments.

                  (a) Prior to the Distribution Date, the Company and the Rights
Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend any provision of
this Agreement without the approval of any holders of certificates representing
Common Shares. From and after the Distribution Date, the Company and the Rights
Agent shall, if the Company so directs, supplement or amend this Agreement
without the approval of any holders of Rights Certificates in order (i) to cure
any ambiguity, (ii) to correct or supplement any provision contained herein
which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, (iii)
to shorten or lengthen any time period hereunder, or (iv) to change or
supplement the provisions hereunder in any manner that the Company may deem
necessary or desirable and that shall not adversely affect the interests of the
holders of Rights Certificates (other than an Acquiring Person as an Affiliate
or Associate of an Acquiring Person). Upon the delivery of a certificate from an
appropriate officer of the Company that states that the proposed supplement or
amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 27, the Rights Agent
shall execute such supplement or amendment and shall be fully protected
hereunder by doing so. Nothing herein shall require the Rights Agent to execute
any supplement or amendment adversely affecting its rights and protections
hereunder. Prior to the Distribution Date, the interests of the holders of
Rights shall be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders of Common
Shares.

                  (b) In deciding whether or not to supplement or amend this
Agreement, the directors of the Company shall act in good faith, in a manner
they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of the Company and with such
care, including reasonable inquiry, skill and diligence, as a person of ordinary
prudence would use under similar circumstances, and they may consider the
effects of any action upon employees, suppliers and customers of the Company and
upon communities in which offices or other establishments of the Company are
located, and all other pertinent factors.

         SECTION 28. Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this
Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind
and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.

         SECTION 29. Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc.
For all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of Common
Shares outstanding at any particular time, including for purposes of determining
the particular percentage of such outstanding Common Shares of which any Person
is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance with the last sentence of
Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act.
The Board of Directors of the Company shall have the exclusive power and
authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and powers
specifically granted to the Board of Directors or to the Company, or as may be
necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the right and power to (i)


                                      -32-
<PAGE>
interpret the provisions of this Agreement, and (ii) make all determinations
deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of this Agreement
(including a determination to redeem or not redeem the Rights or to amend or
supplement the Agreement). All such actions, calculations, interpretations and
determinations (including, for purposes of clause (y) below, all omissions with
respect to the foregoing) that are done or made by the Board of Directors in
good faith, shall (x) be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the
Rights Agent, the holders of the Rights and all other parties, and (y) not
subject the Board of Directors or any members of the Board of Directors to any
liability to the holders of the Rights.

         SECTION 30. Benefits of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall
be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent and
the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the
Distribution Date, registered holders of the Common Shares) any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement; but this Agreement shall
be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the
registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution
Date, registered holders of the Common Shares).

         SECTION 31. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or
restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or
other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable for any purpose or under
any set of circumstances or as applied to any Person, such invalid, void or
unenforceable term, provision, covenant or restriction shall continue in effect
to the maximum extent possible for all other purposes, under all other
circumstances and as applied to all other Persons; and the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated;
provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the
contrary, if any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such
court or authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable and the Board of
Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment that severing the
invalid language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or
effect of this Agreement, the right of redemption set forth in Section 23 hereof
shall be reinstated and shall not expire until the close of business on the
tenth day following the date of such determination by the Board of Directors.
Without limiting the foregoing, if any provisions requiring that a determination
be made by less than the entire Board (or at a time or with the concurrence of a
group of directors consisting of less than the entire Board) is held by a court
of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or
unenforceable, such determination shall then be made by the Board in accordance
with applicable law and the Company's certificate of incorporation and by-laws.

         SECTION 32. Governing Law. This Agreement, each Right and each Rights
Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the
laws of the State of New Jersey and for all purposes shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of such jurisdiction applicable to
contracts made and to be performed entirely within such jurisdiction.

         SECTION 33. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed
to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one
and the same instrument.


                                      -33-
<PAGE>
         SECTION 34. Descriptive Headings. Descriptive headings of the several
Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.


                                      -34-
<PAGE>
                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

                                     K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                                     By
                                          ------------------------------------
                                     Name:    Edward B. Cloues, II
                                     Title:   Chairman and Chief
                                              Executive Officer


                                     AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY


                                     By
                                          ------------------------------------
                                     Name:
                                     Title:


                                      -35-
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT A


                     RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
                           K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                          ESTABLISHING AND DESIGNATING
                 SERIES B JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED SHARES
                       AS A SERIES OF THE PREFERRED STOCK


                  RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority expressly vested in
the Board of Directors of K-Tron International, Inc. (the "Corporation") by
Article Fourth of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation,
the Board of Directors hereby fixes and determines the voting rights,
designations, preferences, and relative, participating, conversion, optional and
other special rights, and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of a
series of the Preferred Stock, with a par value of one cent ($0.01) per share,
which shall consist of 50,000 shares and shall be designated as Series B Junior
Participating Preferred Shares (the "Series B Preferred Shares").

Special Terms of the Series B Preferred Shares

         SECTION 1. Dividends and Distributions.

                  (a) The rate of dividends payable per share of Series B
Preferred Shares on the first day of January, April, July and October in each
year or such other quarterly payment date as shall be specified by the Board of
Directors (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend
Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after
the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of the Series B Preferred
Shares, shall be (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (i) $1.00
or (ii) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, 100 times
the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 100 times the
aggregate per share amount (payable in cash, based upon the fair market value at
the time the non-cash dividend or other distribution is declared or paid as
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors) of all non-cash dividends or
other distributions other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a
subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or
otherwise), declared on the Common Stock, $0.01 par value, of the Corporation
since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with
respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance
of any share or fraction of a share of the Series B Preferred Shares. Dividends
on the Series B Preferred Shares shall be paid out of funds legally available
for such purpose. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after October
16, 2001 (the "Rights Declaration Date") (i) declare any dividend on Common
Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding shares
of Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amounts to which holders of
Series B Preferred Shares were entitled immediately prior to such event under
clause (ii) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying each such
amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the


                                      A-1
<PAGE>
denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (b) Dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on
outstanding Series B Preferred Shares from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date
next preceding the date of issue of such Series B Preferred Shares, unless the
date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly
Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to
accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a
Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the
determination of holders of Series B Preferred Shares entitled to receive a
quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of
which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such
quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear
interest. Dividends paid on the Series B Preferred Shares in an amount less than
the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such
shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such
shares at the time outstanding.

         SECTION 2. Voting Rights. In addition to any other voting rights
required by law, the holders of Series B Preferred Shares shall have the
following voting rights:

                  (a) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set
forth, each Series B Preferred Share shall entitle the holder thereof to 100
votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Corporation.
In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date
(i) declare any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii)
subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine the
outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each
such case the number of votes per share to which holders of Series B Preferred
Shares were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by
multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the
denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately prior to such event.

                  (b) In the event that dividends upon the Series B Preferred
Shares shall be in arrears to an amount equal to six full quarterly dividends
thereon, the holders of such Series B Preferred Shares shall become entitled to
the extent hereinafter provided to vote noncumulatively at all elections of
directors of the Corporation, and to receive notice of all shareholders'
meetings to be held for such purpose. At such meetings, to the extent that
directors are being elected, the holders of such Series B Preferred Shares
voting as a class shall be entitled solely to elect two members of the Board of
Directors of the Corporation; and all other directors of the Corporation shall
be elected by the other shareholders of the Corporation entitled to vote in the
election of directors. Such voting rights of the holders of such Series B
Preferred Shares shall continue until all accumulated and unpaid dividends
thereon shall have been paid or funds sufficient therefor set aside, whereupon
all such voting rights of the holders of shares of such series shall cease,
subject to being again revived from time to time upon the recurrence of the
conditions above described as giving rise thereto.

         At any time when such right to elect directors separately as a class
shall have so vested, the Corporation may, and upon the written request of the
holders of record of not less


                                       A-2
<PAGE>
than 20% of the then outstanding total number of shares of all the Series B
Preferred Shares having the right to elect directors in such circumstances
shall, call a special meeting of holders of such Series B Preferred Shares for
the election of directors. In the case of such a written request, such special
meeting shall be held within 90 days after the delivery of such request, and, in
either case, at the place and upon the notice provided by law and in the By-laws
of the Corporation; provided, that the Corporation shall not be required to call
such a special meeting if such request is received less than 120 days before the
date fixed for the next ensuing annual or special meeting of shareholders of the
Corporation. Upon the mailing of the notice of such special meeting to the
holders of such Series B Preferred Shares, or, if no such meeting be held, then
upon the mailing of the notice of the next annual or special meeting of
shareholders for the election of directors, the number of directors of the
Corporation shall, ipso facto, be increased to the extent, but only to the
extent, necessary to provide sufficient vacancies to enable the holders of such
Series B Preferred Shares to elect the two directors hereinabove provided for,
and all such vacancies shall be filled only by vote of the holders of such
Series B Preferred Shares as hereinabove provided. Whenever the number of
directors of the Corporation shall have been increased, the number as so
increased may thereafter be further increased or decreased in such manner as may
be permitted by the By-laws and without the vote of the holders of Series B
Preferred Shares, provided that no such action shall impair the right of the
holders of Series B Preferred Shares to elect, and to be represented by, two
directors as herein provided.

         So long as the holders of Series B Preferred Shares are entitled
hereunder to voting rights, any vacancy in the Board of Directors caused by the
death or resignation of any director elected by the holders of Series B
Preferred Shares, shall, until the next meeting of shareholders for the election
of directors, in each case be filled by the remaining director elected by the
holders of Series B Preferred Shares having the right to elect directors in such
circumstances.

         Upon termination of the voting rights of the holders of any series of
Series B Preferred Shares, the terms of office of all persons who shall have
been elected directors of the Corporation by vote of the holders of Series B
Preferred Shares or by a director elected by such holders shall forthwith
terminate.

                  (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, in the certificate of
incorporation of the Corporation or by law, the holders of Series B Preferred
Shares and the holders of Common Stock (and the holders of shares of any other
series or class entitled to vote thereon) shall vote together as one class on
all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Corporation.

         SECTION 3. Reacquired Shares. Any Series B Preferred Shares purchased
or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be
retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares
shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued Preferred Stock and
may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by
resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors.

         SECTION 4. Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. In the event of any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the
Corporation, the holders of Series B Preferred Shares shall be entitled to
receive the greater of (a) $10.00 per share, plus


                                      A-3
<PAGE>
accrued dividends to the date of distribution, whether or not earned or
declared, or (b) an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment
hereinafter set forth, equal to 100 times the aggregate amount to be distributed
per share to holders of Common Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any
time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on Common Stock
payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding shares Common
Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which holders of Series B
Preferred Shares were entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to
clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such
amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is
the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to
such event.

         SECTION 5. Consolidation, Merger, etc. In case the Corporation shall
enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which
the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or
securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case the Series B
Preferred Shares shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed in an
amount per share (subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth)
equal to 100 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any
other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which
each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation
shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on
Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide the outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in
the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of
Series B Preferred Shares shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a
fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such
event.

         SECTION 6. No Redemption. The Series B Preferred Shares shall not be
redeemable.

         SECTION 7. Ranking. The Series B Preferred Shares shall rank junior to
all other series of the Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and the
distribution of assets, unless the terms of any such series shall provide
otherwise.

         SECTION 8. Fractional Shares. Series B Preferred Shares may be issued
in fractions of a share which shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such
holder's fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends,
participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of
holders of Series B Preferred Shares.

         SECTION 9. Modifications. The Board of Directors shall have full
authority to change the designation, number or the relative rights, preferences
and limitations of the Series B Preferred Shares so long as no Series B
Preferred Shares have been issued.


                                      A-4
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT B


                          [Form of Rights Certificate]


Certificate No. R-                                          _____________ Rights


NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER OCTOBER 29, 2011 (OR SUCH LATER DATE AS THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY MAY DESIGNATE BY AMENDMENT OF THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) OR
AFTER EARLIER REDEMPTION BY THE COMPANY. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION,
AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, AT $0.01 PER RIGHT ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE
RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY AN
ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY
SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF SUCH RIGHTS MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID. [THE RIGHTS
REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A
PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN
ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT).
ACCORDINGLY, THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY
BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 7(e) OF SUCH
AGREEMENT.]*

------------------------
* The bracketed portion of the legend shall be inserted only if applicable and
shall replace the preceding sentence.


                                      B-1
<PAGE>
                           K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.


                               RIGHTS CERTIFICATE

         This certifies that _______________________, or registered assigns, is
the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which
entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of
the Rights Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2001 (the "Rights Agreement"),
between K-Tron International, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the "Company"),
and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the "Rights
Agent"), to purchase from the Company at any time prior to 5:00 P.M. (New York,
New York time) on October 29, 2011 (or such later date as the Board of Directors
of the Company may designate by amendment of the Rights Agreement) at the office
or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or its successors as
Rights Agent, one one-hundredth of a fully paid, nonassessable Series B Junior
Participating Preferred Share (the "Preferred Share") of the Company, at a
purchase price (the "Purchase Price") of $55.00 per one one-hundredth of a
Preferred Share (such fraction, a "Preferred Share Fraction"), upon presentation
and surrender of this Rights Certificate with the Form of Election to Purchase
and related Certificate duly executed. Except as provided in Sections 11(q) and
13(e) of the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price shall be paid in cash. The
number of Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (and the number of
Preferred Share Fractions that may be purchased upon exercise thereof) set forth
above, and the Purchase Price per Preferred Share Fraction set forth above, are
the number and Purchase Price as of October 29, 2001, based on the Preferred
Shares as constituted at such date.

         Except as otherwise provided in the Rights Agreement, upon the
occurrence of any Section 11(a)(ii) Event (as such term is defined in the Rights
Agreement), if the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate are beneficially
owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such
Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement), (ii) a
transferee of any such Acquiring Person, Associate or Affiliate, or (iii) under
certain circumstances specified in the Rights Agreement, a transferee of a
person who, after such transfer, became an Acquiring Person, or an Affiliate or
Associate of an Acquiring Person, such Rights shall become null and void and no
holder hereof shall have any right with respect to such Rights from and after
the occurrence of any such Section 11(a)(ii) Event.

         As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number
and kind of Preferred Shares or other securities that may be purchased upon the
exercise of the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate are subject to
modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events, including
Triggering Events.

         This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and
conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are
hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which
Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights,
limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the
Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Rights Certificates, which
limitations of rights include the temporary suspension of the exercisability of
such Rights under the specific
<PAGE>
circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement. Copies of the Rights Agreement
are on file at the above-mentioned office of the Rights Agent and are also
available upon written request to the Company.

         This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates,
upon surrender at the principal office or offices of the Rights Agent designated
for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Rights
Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to
purchase a like aggregate number of Preferred Share Fractions as the Rights
evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates surrendered shall
have entitled such holder to purchase. If this Rights Certificate shall be
exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof
another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates for the number of whole Rights
not exercised.

         Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced
by this Certificate may be redeemed by the Company at its option at a redemption
price of $0.01 per Right at any time prior to the earlier of the close of
business on (i) the tenth day following the Stock Acquisition Date (as such time
period may be extended pursuant to the Rights Agreement), and (ii) the Final
Expiration Date.

         No fractional Preferred Shares will be issued upon the exercise of any
Right or Rights evidenced hereby (other than fractions which are integral
multiples of a Preferred Share, which may, as the election of the Company, be
evidenced by depositary receipts), but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be
made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.

         No holder of this Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote or
receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of Preferred Shares or
of any other securities of the Company (including Common Shares) that may at any
time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the
Rights Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as
such, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company or any right to vote for
the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to shareholders at any
meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or, to
receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting shareholders (except as
provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription
rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Rights
Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.

         This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any
purpose until it shall have been countersigned by the Rights Agent.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
                  WITNESS the facsimile signature of the proper officers of the
Company and its corporate seal.

Dated as of                         ____________, 20_

ATTEST                                      K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.


____________________________                By_____________________________
Secretary                                   Title:


Countersigned


AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY


By____________________________
    Authorized Signature


                                      -3-
<PAGE>
                  [Form of Reverse Side of Rights Certificate]

                               FORM OF ASSIGNMENT

                (To be executed by the registered holder if such
               holder desires to transfer the Rights Certificate.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED ____________________________________ hereby sells, assigns
and transfers unto ___________________________________________________________
(Please print name and address of transferee)

this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein,
and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint __________________ Attorney,
to transfer the within Rights Certificate on the books of the within-named
Company, with full power of substitution.

Dated: ________________, 20__

                                          ______________________________________
                                          Signature
SIGNATURE GUARANTEED:

                                   CERTIFICATE


The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes that:

         (1) this Rights Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold, assigned and
transferred by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined
pursuant to the Rights Agreement);

         (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it
[ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate from
any Person who is, was or subsequently became an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.

Dated: ________________, 20__

                                          ______________________________________
                                          Signature

SIGNATURE GUARANTEED:


                                     NOTICE

         The signatures to the foregoing Assignment and Certificate must
correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in
every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>
                          FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

                  (To be executed if holder desires to exercise
                 Rights represented by the Rights Certificate.)

To:      K-TRON INTERNATIONAL, INC.:

                  The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
__________ Rights represented by this Rights Certificate to purchase the
Preferred Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Rights (or Common Shares or
such other securities of the Company or of any other person that may be issuable
upon the exercise of the Rights) and requests that certificates for such shares
be issued in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

________________________________________________________________________________
                         (Please print name and address)


________________________________________________________________________________


                  If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced
by this Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance of such
Rights shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:

Please insert social security
or other identifying number

________________________________________________________________________________
                         (Please print name and address)


________________________________________________________________________________



Dated:  _____________, 20__

                                             ___________________________________
                                                         Signature


SIGNATURE GUARANTEED:


                                      -5-
<PAGE>
                                   CERTIFICATE

         The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes
that: (1) the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate [ ] are [ ] are not
being exercised by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or
an Affiliate or Associate of any such Acquiring Person (as such terms are
defined pursuant to the Rights Agreement);

         (2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it
[ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate from
any Person who is, was or subsequently became an Acquiring Person or an
Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person.

Dated: ________________, 20__

                                             ___________________________________
                                                         Signature

Signature Guaranteed:

                                     NOTICE


                  The signatures to the foregoing Election to Purchase and
Certificate must correspond to the name as written upon the face of this Rights
Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change
whatsoever.


                                      -6-
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT C

                          SUMMARY OF RIGHTS TO PURCHASE
                                PREFERRED SHARES


         On October 16, 2001, the Board of Directors of K-Tron International,
Inc. (the "Company") declared a dividend distribution of one Right for each
outstanding share of Common Stock, $.01 par value (each, a "Common Share"), of
the Company to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 29,
2001. Each Right entitles the registered holder, upon the occurrence of certain
events, to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one one-hundredth of a
share (a "Unit") of the Series B Junior Participating Preferred Shares, par
value $.01 per share, of the Company (the "Preferred Shares"), or a combination
of securities and assets of equivalent value, at a purchase price pursuant to
the exercise of a Right of $55.00 per Unit, subject to adjustment (the "Purchase
Price"). The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights
Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and American Stock
Transfer & Trust Company, as Rights Agent.

         Initially, ownership of the Rights will be evidenced by the Common
Share certificates representing shares then outstanding, and no separate Rights
Certificates will be distributed. In certain circumstances, the Rights will
separate from the Common Shares on a Distribution Date which will occur at the
close of business on the date that is the earlier of (i) 10 days following a
public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons
(an "Acquiring Person") has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire,
beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares (the "Stock
Acquisition Date"), or (ii) on the tenth Business Day (or such later date as may
be fixed by the Board of the Company) after the commencement of a tender offer
or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning 15%
or more of the outstanding Common Shares, in each case unless the transaction is
a tender offer or exchange offer for all Common Shares of the Company and the
Board of Directors has determined that the price is fair and the transaction is
otherwise in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. Until the
Distribution Date, (a) the Rights will be evidenced by the Common Share
certificates and will be transferred with and only with such Common Share
certificates, (b) new Common Share certificates issued after October 29, 2001
will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference and (c)
the surrender for transfer of any certificate for Common Shares outstanding will
also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares
represented by such certificate.

         The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date and will
expire at the close of business on October 29, 2011, unless the Rights Agreement
is extended by the Board by the amendment of the Rights Agreement, unless
earlier redeemed by the Company as described below or unless a transaction under
Section 13(d) of the Rights Agreement (relating to consolidation, merger or sale
or transfer of assets or earning power) has occurred.

         As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, Rights Certificates
will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares as of the close of
business on the Distribution Date and, thereafter, the separate Rights
Certificates alone will represent the Rights. Rights may be issued after the
Distribution Date and prior to their redemption or expiration only in cases


                                      C-1
<PAGE>
approved by the Board or in connection with the exercise of stock options, stock
appreciation rights, grants or awards that are outstanding on the Distribution
Date under any benefit plan or arrangement for employees or directors.

         Except in the circumstances described below, after the Distribution
Date each Right will be exercisable into one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share
(a "Preferred Share Fraction"). Each Preferred Share Fraction carries voting and
dividend rights that are intended to produce the equivalent of one Common Share.
The voting and dividend rights of the Preferred Shares are subject to adjustment
in the event of dividends, subdivisions and combinations with respect to the
Common Shares of the Company. In lieu of issuing certificates for Preferred
Share Fractions which are less than an integral multiple of one Preferred Share
(i.e., 100 Preferred Share Fractions), the Company may pay cash representing the
current market value of the Preferred Share Fractions.

         On the Stock Acquisition Date, the Rights of the Acquiring Person and
certain transferees of the Acquiring Person will be void. Thereafter, commencing
on the Distribution Date, each other holder of a Right will have the right to
purchase Common Shares (or, in certain circumstances, cash, property or other
securities of the Company) having twice the value of the exercise price of the
Right based on the average market price for the Common Shares during the 30
previous trading days (that is, at a price per share equal to one-half of their
average market price during such 30 prior trading days). If, for example, the
Purchase Price is $55.00 and the average market price for the Common Shares is
$20.00, the holder of each valid Right would be entitled to purchase 5.5 Common
Shares for $55.00, or $10.00 per share. In lieu of requiring payment of the
Purchase Price upon exercise of the Rights, the Company may permit the holders
simply to surrender the Rights, in which event they will be entitled to receive
one-half the number of Common Shares (or other property, as the case may be)
that they would have received upon payment of the full Purchase Price.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Rights will be exercisable following
the Stock Acquisition Date only when the Rights are no longer redeemable by the
Company as discussed below.

         At any time after a Person becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to the
acquisition by such Person or group of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding Common Shares, the Board may exchange all or part of the Rights
(other than Rights held by such Person or group which may have become void), in
whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right (subject to
adjustment).

         At any time until the expiration of ten days following the Stock
Acquisition Date, the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part,
at a price of $.01 per Right. That ten-day redemption period may be extended by
the Board of Directors so long as the Rights are still redeemable. Immediately
upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering redemption of the Rights, the
Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to
receive the $.01 redemption price.

         In the event that, at any time following the Stock Acquisition Date,
(i) the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination
transaction in which the Company is not the surviving corporation (other than a
merger with a subsidiary of the Company in circumstances where the benefits of
the Rights will not be substantially diminished), or (ii)


                                      C-2
<PAGE>
50% or more of the Company's assets, cash flow or earning power is sold or
transferred, each holder of a valid Right shall thereafter have the right to
receive, upon exercise, common shares of the acquiring company having a value
equal to twice the exercise price of the Right based on average market price of
such shares during the 30 trading days prior to the consummation of the merger
or sale (that is, at a price per share equal to one-half of their average market
price during such 30 prior trading days). Again, provision is made to permit
surrender of the Rights in exchange for one-half of the value otherwise
purchasable.

         The Purchase Price payable and the number of Units of Preferred Share
Fractions or other securities or property issuable upon exercise of the Rights
are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event
of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of,
the Preferred Shares, (ii) if holders of the Preferred Shares are granted
certain rights or warrants to subscribe for Preferred Shares or convertible
securities at less than the current market price of the Preferred Shares, or
(iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Preferred Shares of evidences of
indebtedness or assets (excluding regular quarterly dividends) or of
subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).

         With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be
required until cumulative adjustments amount to at least 1% of the Purchase
Price. No fractional Units will be issued and, in lieu thereof, an adjustment in
cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last
trading date prior to the date of exercise.

         Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no
rights as a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right
to vote or to receive dividends.

         Any of the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the
Board of Directors of the Company prior to the Distribution Date. After the
Distribution Date, the provisions of the Rights Agreement may be amended by the
Board in order to cure any ambiguity, to make changes that do not adversely
affect the interests of holders of Rights (excluding the interests of any
Acquiring Person) or to shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights
Agreement.

         While the distribution of the Rights will not be taxable to
shareholders or to the Company, shareholders may, depending upon the
circumstances, recognize taxable income in the event that the Rights become
exercisable for Preferred Shares (or other consideration) of the Company or for
common shares of the acquiring company as set forth above.

         A copy of the Rights Agreement is being filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form 8-A. A
copy of the Rights Agreement is available free of charge from the Company. This
summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement, the full text of
which is incorporated herein by reference.


                                      C-3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
