<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit24.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 24
                                POWER OF ATTORNEY


         The undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints each of Andrew T. Boyd,
Edward B. Cloues, II, Mary E. Vaccara and Robert E. Wisniewski, but only for so
long as such person is an employee of K-Tron International,Inc. (the "Company"),
each having the power to act singly, as his/her true and lawful attorney-in-
fact to:

                  (1)      execute for and on behalf of the undersigned, in the
undersigned's capacity as a director or executive officer of the Company, as
applicable, Forms 3, 4 or 5 in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules thereunder;

                  (2)      do and perform any and all acts for and on behalf of
the undersigned which may be necessary or desirable to complete the execution of
any such Form 3, 4 or 5 and the timely filing of such form with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission and any other authority; and

                  (3)      take any other action of any type whatsoever in
connection with the foregoing which, in the opinion of such attorney-in-fact,
may be of benefit to, in the best interest of, or legally required by, the
undersigned, it being understood that the documents executed by such attorney-in
-fact on behalf of the undersigned pursuant to this Power of Attorney shall be
in such form and shall contain such terms and conditions as such attorney-in-
fact may approve in his/her discretion.

         The undersigned hereby grants to each such attorney-in-fact full power
and authority to do and perform every act and thing whatsoever requisite,
necessary and proper to be done in the exercise of any of the rights and powers
herein granted, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might
or could do if personally present, with full power of substitution or revocation
,hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact, or his/her
substitute or substitutes, shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of
this Power of Attorney and the rights and powers herein granted. The undersigned
acknowledges that each of the foregoing attorneys-in-fact, in serving in such
capacity at the request of the undersigned, is not assuming any of the
undersigned's responsibilities to comply with Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

         This Power of Attorney replaces any and all powers of attorney which
the undersigned may have previously executed covering the subject matter hereof,
all of which shall be deemed revoked, and shall remain in full force and effect
until the undersigned is no longer required to file Forms 3, 4 and 5 with
respect to the undersigned's holdings of and transactions in securities issued
by the Company, unless earlier revoked in writing.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney
 on the 14th day of May, 2009.


                                                              KEVIN C. BOWEN
                                                              --------------
                                                              Signature


                                                              Kevin C. Bowen
                                                              ---------------
                                                              Print Name

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
