<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>w82380exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED 1/6/03
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


                K-TRON ACQUIRES PENNSYLVANIA CRUSHER CORPORATION

PITMAN, NEW JERSEY - - JANUARY 6, 2003 - - K-Tron International, Inc.
(NASDAQ-KTII) today announced the acquisition of all of the stock of
privately-held Pennsylvania Crusher Corporation ("PCC") and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Jeffrey Specialty Equipment Corporation ("Jeffrey"). The purchase
price was $23.5 million, of which $19.5 million was paid in cash and $4.0
million was in unsecured, promissory notes which are payable in equal, annual
installments on January 2 in each of 2005, 2006 and 2007. The purchase price is
subject to adjustment based on PCC's consolidated stockholders' equity at
December 31, 2002.

Pennsylvania Crusher Corporation (http://www.penncrusher.com), which is
headquartered in Broomall, Pennsylvania and has a manufacturing facility in
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio, is a leading manufacturer of size reduction equipment
which is sold to electric utility companies to crush coal for use in coal-fired
power generation plants. Tracing its roots back to 1905, PCC estimates that its
machines crush a significant majority of all U.S. steam coal for the electric
utility industry. PCC equipment most commonly used by power plants includes
hammermills, Bradford breakers, Coalpactors(R), cage mills, granulators (ring
hammermills), clinker crushers and grinding mills. A substantial part of PCC's
business comes from replacement parts sales since it has a large installed base
of equipment.

Jeffrey Specialty Equipment Corporation (http://www.jeffreycorp.com), which is
located in a manufacturing/office facility in Woodruff, South Carolina near
Greenville, is a leading manufacturer of industrial hammermills for size
reduction used primarily by the paper and pulp industries to crush wood for the
production of paper. Jeffrey, whose origins go back to 1874, also manufactures
large-scale vibratory feeders for use in feeding coal, minerals, chemicals and
bulk materials. Like PCC, replacement parts sales are a major part of Jeffrey's
business.

Top management of PCC is expected to remain following the acquisition, including
John Whalen, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Don Melchiorre, the
President and Chief Operating Officer, Don Carrozzino, Vice President, Finance
and Chief Financial Officer, and Nancy S. Hansen, Vice President,
Administration.

For the trailing 12-month period ended November 30, 2002, PCC's unaudited
consolidated (with Jeffrey) net sales were $34.76 million and its unaudited
consolidated operating income was $4.57 million. The acquisition was structured
as a corporate leveraged buy-out, with the Philadelphia office of National City
Bank providing $15 million of financing through two tranches of term debt and a
revolving credit facility. These loans were made directly to PCC with no
recourse to K-Tron. K-Tron also borrowed $5 million in connection with the
transaction from The Bank (formerly The Bank of Gloucester County), a subsidiary
of Fulton Financial Corporation, and issued the $4 million of notes payable to
the selling stockholders. There was no subordinated debt or K-Tron stock
involved. Also, neither PCC nor Jeffrey has any debt for money borrowed except
for the acquisition financing from National City Bank, including an additional
$2 million of availability under the revolving credit line for working capital
purposes.

Commenting on the acquisition, K-Tron Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Edward B. Cloues, II said, "We are exceptionally pleased to be able to add
Pennsylvania Crusher



<PAGE>
Corporation and Jeffrey Specialty Equipment Corporation to K-Tron's growing
family of high-quality material handling businesses. PCC and Jeffrey have
excellent market positions and reputations, good profitability, solid product
offerings, quality management and work forces and strong cash flow production
capability, driven largely by a steady replacement parts business that
constitutes a significant portion of their revenues. The fact that PCC and
Jeffrey serve very different material handling markets than K-Tron does today
and generate a major part of their business from the sale of replacement parts
will broaden and diversify K-Tron's business and reduce our dependence on some
of the more cyclical markets that we serve, such as plastics and chemicals."
John Whalen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of both PCC and Jeffrey,
added, "The entire management teams at PCC and Jeffrey are enthusiastic about
the increased opportunities that the acquisition by K-Tron will afford PCC and
Jeffrey, particularly with respect to global expansion."

While indicating that K-Tron does not intend to provide guidance to the market
with respect to future earnings, Mr. Cloues said that he expects the acquisition
of PCC and Jeffrey to be accretive to K-Tron's earnings and cash flow per share
in 2003.

K-Tron International, Inc. and its subsidiaries design, produce, market and
service material handling equipment and systems for a wide variety of industrial
markets. The Company has manufacturing facilities in the United States,
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Canada, and its equipment is sold throughout
the world.

                                    * * * * *

This news release contains statements that are or may be deemed forward-looking
relating to the acquisition of PCC and Jeffrey, including the retention of top
management of PCC, their future prospects, their expected contribution to the
Company's 2003 earnings and cash flow per share and related matters, which
statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated or
suggested by such forward-looking statements include the possibility of reduced
demand for their equipment, the failure of bookings for new equipment and
replacement parts to be received as currently anticipated, and the possibility
that future economic and business conditions will be less favorable than the
Company currently expects. Recipients of this news release are cautioned to
consider these risks and uncertainties and to not place undue reliance on the
forward-looking statements contained herein. Except as required by applicable
securities laws, the Company does not intend to update its forward-looking
statements.


                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
